Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: we begin tonight in the
Tim Sackton: jungles
Tim Sackton: west of drink or
Tim Sackton: near the.
Mike Sackton: Tree. Oh, I meant to think about.
Tim Sackton: That's true.
Tim Sackton: It's approaching sunset as you reach the place or person. It's not clear that the bats call canopy, or sometimes albus.
Tim Sackton: The skies have cleared after a brief afternoon downpour, and the air is hot and humid and still.
Tim Sackton: The jungle quiet around you
Tim Sackton: directly ahead you can see.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can't, really. I guess it depends on whether you've climbed down from Venge Sharma yet or not, because from the skyship you can't see the the jungle floor. The canopy is thick, so, assuming you've
Tim Sackton: landed at this point and are sort of creeping forward on the ground, you can see the tangled nest of crawling vines and thorns that marks the
Tim Sackton: chaotic corruption that seems to have
Tim Sackton: silenced this
Tim Sackton: free, known as the eldest, or canopy, and put a paw on the jungle pep, the fruit bat who guided you towards where she found the jade was full of stories as she flew.
Tim Sackton: telling you about well, what she learned as a child only a few years ago.
Tim Sackton: as she learned to talk as she learned to fly.
Tim Sackton: not really knowing anything about the history of the jungle, and not really thinking it strange that she could speak elvish.
Tim Sackton: But you heard tales from her of the mango trees that sing balance when their fruit is ripe, calling her and her people and her companions to come. Feast of the trickster monkeys who live on the mangroves on the coast, protected by slither an ancient boa constrictor
Tim Sackton: who run around the jungle howling news and gossip to everybody.
Tim Sackton: But I've been quiet of late.
Tim Sackton: The orchards that bloom and whisper love poems to hummingbirds.
Tim Sackton: the groves of banyan trees that speak in many voices.
Tim Sackton: turning the stories of the Druggel into dramatic plays.
Tim Sackton: The Fire Clan, led by the Tiger Blaze, who live along the Big River to the west, keeping a watchful eye.
Tim Sackton: So as Pip is telling these stories, and you're flying through the jungle, what you're passing through is nothing like the story she tells.
Tim Sackton: The trees are quiet. You don't hear any mango trees singing ballads, or booming gossip of howler monkeys, or
Tim Sackton: whispered poems of humming, of orchards, or even the buzz of insects, seems dulled or muted.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Now, as Pip returns to her family and friends in the cave, after showing you where she found the jade.
Tim Sackton: the silence is even more oppressive and quiet without her
Tim Sackton: chattering
Tim Sackton: high pitched tales to keep you company.
Tim Sackton: So through this journey you've surmised that at least part of the cause of this silence of this shift in the mood of the jungle is
Tim Sackton: before you
Tim Sackton: the thick, tangled mass of writhing, thorny vines that surrounds this tall tree
Tim Sackton: that Pip referred to as the oldest.
Tim Sackton: but
Tim Sackton: just moments ago as well be scouted, you learned that it can shoot its vines at least 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: and when you're hit by the vines, they
Tim Sackton: grip tight.
Tim Sackton: entangling and restraining their victims.
Tim Sackton: And while we also noted that, buried in the center of this
Tim Sackton: truly massive
Tim Sackton: conglomeration of horns and vines, and some kind of hard, woody knot of something. But whether this is part of the eldest or some aspect of this corruption
Tim Sackton: you don't know.
Tim Sackton: and so we pick up.
Tim Sackton: as you plan your approach.
Tim Sackton: How to deal with this
Tim Sackton: Viney creature.
Mike Sackton: And how far is it from its 30 feet
Mike Sackton: from
Mike Sackton: the attack zone to the to the
Mike Sackton: mass.
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. The the like witty mass is right in the center of this giant thing of vines.
Mike Sackton: And it's but we can. We can be safe and like in a safe spot where we're standing, we're 30 feet away. Or is it more than 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: Sorry is what? 30 feet away.
Mike Sackton: That
Mike Sackton: corruption, or the the hard mass.
Tim Sackton: The pile of vines itself is 45 feet in diameter.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so it's.
Tim Sackton: It was a map. Just you can see on the map right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was. Gonna I was gonna ask about that.
Mike Sackton: Sorry I didn't. I wasn't. I was just looking at the zoom screen. I wasn't looking at Role 20.
Tim Sackton: You can arrange your characters.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And so
Mike Sackton: you're saying it's 30 feet.
Mike Sackton: The attack is 30 feet out from the edge of the circle.
Tim Sackton: That's when that's.
Mike Sackton: When Welby was attacked.
Tim Sackton: That's when Welby got attacked. Yes, okay.
Mike Sackton: And the hard mass is there's a like in the center of this is some sort of thing.
Tim Sackton: Yes, but the vines are like piling over it right like it's not just sitting there out in the open.
Mike Sackton: Right. It's surrounded by vines.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: But is it? Is there like? Can we? Can we be into it like, is it? Is it layered like I'm just trying to envision like.
Tim Sackton: It's like, you see glimpses of this thing in the middle. The vines are constantly in motion, and every now and then it's like a pile. It's like a 10 foot high pile of
Tim Sackton: thorns and vines, and every now and then, when Welby was like being dragged closer towards it, they'd shift a little bit so you could see this hard, woody mass in the middle, but.
Mike Sackton: There's not like. If you were standing on top of the hard, woody mass, you'd actually be under a pile of vines.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So it's there's not like a
Mike Sackton: good. It's not really like a spot.
Mike Sackton: The stand where the hard, woody mass is.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: So okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: timing wise.
Eric Rosenbaum: I noticed that I've ticked off my
Eric Rosenbaum: performance of creation because I made the
Eric Rosenbaum: downspout basically
Eric Rosenbaum: in the cave earlier. How long ago was that? Have we long rested.
Tim Sackton: No, you have not long rested since the cave. You have short rested.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: is my performance of creation, ability.
Tim Sackton: But that's not the animating performance. That's the that's the create, an object. You can still animate something.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right. It's just we don't happen to have gigantic shears that I know of.
Tim Sackton: No, you don't.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some desks.
Tim Sackton: Genetics, years.
Eric Rosenbaum: But somebody could make them.
Tim Sackton: These are rather
Tim Sackton: thick, woody vines. It's not
Tim Sackton: super likely that they're particularly vulnerable to.
Eric Rosenbaum: Because there's.
Tim Sackton: Damage! Sure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hi
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Eric Rosenbaum: I wonder if
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo could soul sight the vines? Does that make sense? It's not a creature, is it?
Tim Sackton: No, it is. It's a plant creature.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo could definitely soul slate the vines.
Tim Sackton: I'll presume that
Tim Sackton: paper distracted Cox as Kenzo soul sighted the vines.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think he's still citing a paper, so we can.
Tim Sackton: He's still setting a paper right now.
Tim Sackton: The vines are
Tim Sackton: immune to
Tim Sackton: poison and psychic damage.
Tim Sackton: They are immune to charmed, frightened, grappled, poisoned, proned, restrained, stunned.
Tim Sackton: they are resistant to cold, and they are vulnerable to fire damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Vulnerable to fire damage. Well, that's good to know.
David (he/him): Our necklace of fireballs or wander fireballs come in handy once again.
Tim Sackton: Bad necklace of fireballs would be.
Eric Rosenbaum: Easily.
Mike Sackton: Realistically, we might have used it up by now.
Tim Sackton: You're a hundred percent would have used it up right now.
David (he/him): Solution to every problem we encountered.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: we do have our portable hole right.
Tim Sackton: I I mean wildly wears it around his neck right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it has. Like.
Mike Sackton: how long does it doesn't take a long time to
Mike Sackton: you. Just put it on the ground right? Like it doesn't.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't take time, and if you put it on the ground underneath something, it would fall into the thing right?
Mike Sackton: Presumably. Yes, it opens off. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It. Can we tell if the hard mass is being
Mike Sackton: held by the vines.
Tim Sackton: It's I mean.
David (he/him): Actually.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead!
David (he/him): When Kenzo Soul sighted it, could he tell if the hard mass was part of or separate from, the vines that were surrounding him?
Tim Sackton: It is part of the vines.
Tim Sackton: It's like the source of the vines.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's helpful.
Eric Rosenbaum: So okay.
Tim Sackton: Oh, I'm sorry. You also know that its strongest saves are
Tim Sackton: its strongest abilities are constitution.
Tim Sackton: and its weakest ability is charisma.
Eric Rosenbaum: Charisma. Huh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Is it
Eric Rosenbaum: an elemental.
Tim Sackton: No, it's a plant.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good weather.
Tim Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: You're fine. Okay?
Eric Rosenbaum: so fire damage. I I don't have a lot. That's I don't anything that's like actually directly fire. But I think I can convert
Eric Rosenbaum: things to fire damage
Eric Rosenbaum: and that
Eric Rosenbaum: I.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: the strategy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Glove.
Mike Sackton: It's or it's not clear to me if the right strategy is to try and get at the thing in the middle, or just
Mike Sackton: could try and kill it.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, what we don't want to do is destroy the tree. The actual tree itself.
Mike Sackton: That's true. It's under. There's a tree underneath the vines, surrounded by the vines.
Tim Sackton: Surrounded by the vines. There's.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like, really, this should be like, there's a hole in the middle, and the hard mass is like, sort of near the roots of the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: And how? How big is the hard menace again, or we don't know.
Tim Sackton: It's like a medium. It's like the size of a
Tim Sackton: dwarf.
Tim Sackton: It's like person. It's like small person, sized.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, dear!
Mike Sackton: You know what would be useful right now.
Mike Sackton: The potion of fire breath that I gave to the
Mike Sackton: to the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Mike Sackton: Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, I mean it came in handy for fake hands over.
Mike Sackton: It absolutely did.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can use my glove to convert
Eric Rosenbaum: that that
Eric Rosenbaum: as an attack spell to a fiery attack. I think I mean.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can.
Mike Sackton: You can't convert somebody else's spells. Can you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if you put on the glove, maybe you could. That's a funny question.
Eric Rosenbaum: It might be.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting thought.
Tim Sackton: Well it would you have to attune to it? It requires attunement right.
Eric Rosenbaum: So
Eric Rosenbaum: so, so yes, actually, then you definitely could.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I have a bunch of spells that this is worth trying with.
Eric Rosenbaum: The question is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I see.
Eric Rosenbaum: like, I want a properly tuned area effect to sort of like hit the whole thing, although maybe that doesn't matter. Actually.
Eric Rosenbaum: what is the physics of D, and D, okay.
David (he/him): Are we trying to destroy
David (he/him): the dwarf sized, woody thing without hurting the tree underneath it?
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I think so. Actually, that's a good point.
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: Bella has several potential ways to get to the spot of the dwarf, sized, woody thing.
Mike Sackton: but then I'm not sure what the next step would be.
David (he/him): But I know the 3rd step would be victory.
Mike Sackton: Exactly. Well, yes, I mean.
Tim Sackton: So the way that the way that
Tim Sackton: well, I'll be
Tim Sackton: way it looked to Welby is like almost like this was what the vines were emerging from. You shouldn't think of the woody thing as like
Tim Sackton: separate from the creature itself. It's like
Tim Sackton: that. It's like
Tim Sackton: a huge number of tentacles that are actually woody, thorny vines spewing out from some central mass. Not that it's it's not somehow separate from the creature.
Mike Sackton: So it's not like
Mike Sackton: if it fell into all it's not like
Mike Sackton: It went like.
Mike Sackton: be that useful to it wouldn't be.
Tim Sackton: No, if it put it.
Mike Sackton: And a hole like.
Tim Sackton: The woody thing fell into a hole. Then the vines would just rip your portable hole to shreds from the inside
Tim Sackton: right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still working on this here. So with the glove.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can convert damage to fire, damage, or convert an attack, spell to fire, damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: My God, I just! I'm so slow at navigating, I mean, and deep beyond.
Mike Sackton: There's all kinds of things I could try. I mean, I could just try to banish it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's interesting!
Mike Sackton: It only lasts a minute, but
Mike Sackton: that could help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not a lot of spell slots.
Eric Rosenbaum: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: we could at least talk to the tree for a minute
Eric Rosenbaum: find out what it thinks, we should do.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: is there any reason to think you didn't say I was immune to radiant damage? Did you.
Tim Sackton: Nope.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: it's hard for me to quite see.
Mike Sackton: Would sickening radiance just auto kill it? I'm not sure why not
Mike Sackton: like I don't quite understand how you don't automatically die from second irradiance. If you
Mike Sackton: have, if you can't move.
Tim Sackton: Why do you think it can't move?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: well, it's great!
David (he/him): Sickening.
Mike Sackton: Actually an interesting question I just assumed. But that is a very interesting question.
Eric Rosenbaum: Uncomfortable if we can drive and move away from the tree. Yeah.
David (he/him): Yeah, exactly.
Mike Sackton: Oh!
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Hold on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Catapult and convert that to fire damage. I could hit it with erupting earth and do that as fire damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are like 78, 5 to 12.
Mike Sackton: Is the tree a creature? Can you soul, sight the tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good idea!
Tim Sackton: you can.
Tim Sackton: What? What's the goal of soul setting the tree.
Mike Sackton: Is it?
Mike Sackton: Oh, wow! Is it still alive? I guess we know. Kind of know. It is.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. It's still alive.
David (he/him): What? Why don't we just snipe the center of it like? Can't we just stand back and
David (he/him): snippet all day and
David (he/him): be done.
Eric Rosenbaum: So yeah, I'll.
David (he/him): You from Pearson? Did.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I can hit it with catapult, and I can convert that to fire damage.
Tim Sackton: So the logic of the battle map, by the way, is this is supposed to show roughly the
Tim Sackton: the area from which you can see the
Tim Sackton: right, because this is a rainforest canopy, right? So you don't have a rainforest on your story. So you have some sight lines, but not
Tim Sackton: infinite sight lines.
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: I mean, my initial idea
Mike Sackton: is to
Mike Sackton: hold on. Let me just check something here.
Mike Sackton: How many things can I do with
Mike Sackton: 5 creatures? Perfect. My initial idea is to cast sickening radiance and have 5 creatures dealt with. Well, be
Mike Sackton: Kenzo seeker and the tree be immune, and then just put it, just drop it
Mike Sackton: right at.
Mike Sackton: like, basically, right there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right, and and see if it sort of scrambles away.
David (he/him): Maybe we should just do that. Let's see what happens.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, huh, exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: How about I? I hit it with the flaming catapult at the same time.
Tim Sackton: Wow, okay, so
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Tim Sackton: I.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna we should scatter, I think, so that it doesn't have an obvious one person to
Mike Sackton: go after.
Tim Sackton: So feel free to sneak around the
Tim Sackton: far distant edges so that you can position. You can always position yourselves wherever you want.
Mike Sackton: Think I can.
Tim Sackton: Do anything.
Mike Sackton: Alright. There we go.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I should have. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, maybe
Eric Rosenbaum: alright.
Mike Sackton: Like this canopy on the edges is fairly dense. Right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah, that's the idea.
Mike Sackton: So I think we want somebody to be on the
Mike Sackton: tree right? Like.
Mike Sackton: if it runs. So, the theory is, it's gonna run towards somebody, right?
Mike Sackton: The theory.
Eric Rosenbaum: Here is that.
Mike Sackton: It, either. I can't move, in which case it's just gonna die, because ultimately
Mike Sackton: it'll be making a save. You'll have to make 60 saves. And it's not gonna make 60 right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Or it can move, in which case it'll run away from the sickening Radians to get out of the way right.
Mike Sackton: But
Mike Sackton: if it runs away from the sick and radiance. We can all run towards the tree, because we'll be immune.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: But then the question is, what do we do next? We have 10 min before the sick and irradiance goes away.
Mike Sackton: What do we do. We have 10 min where it is like can't come towards us.
Mike Sackton: and we're standing around the tree. What then?
David (he/him): Right.
Tim Sackton: Okay, let's strategize for no more than 2 more minutes.
David (he/him): Let's hit it with the sickening radiance and see what happens next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, that's a good.
Mike Sackton: I was just. I was just thinking everybody should at least know what. Yep, fine! We'll just see what's happened next.
David (he/him): Yeah. And well, and then, like we can, we can keep on sniping it while it's in the second ratings or.
Mike Sackton: Sure. Yeah.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So you sneak around the edges of the forest, staying out of range
Tim Sackton: and go ahead and roll initiative.
Eric Rosenbaum: Touch.
Tim Sackton: Oops! Where's the.
Eric Rosenbaum: You could notice is a really interesting flower.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Bobby was 15. Seeker was 4.
Tim Sackton: Conservative role for Kenzo.
David (he/him): These guys.
Mike Sackton: I got it.
Tim Sackton: He's got it. I'm pulling up his character sheet. He's got a plus
Tim Sackton: come on D, and d beyond
Tim Sackton: he's got plus 5 plus 5.
Mike Sackton: He's he's 1st
Mike Sackton: 20, something, 2322.
Mike Sackton: I can do, master, on.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: okay, so
Tim Sackton: as you. So is this, let's see, where does Kenzo want to be.
Tim Sackton: I guess, with near seeker
Tim Sackton: over here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I think that makes sense.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: So as as you begin to.
Tim Sackton: move through the the edges of the forest.
Tim Sackton: remembering that it's
Tim Sackton: that it can only, as far as you know, reach
Tim Sackton: 30 feet, and sort of creeping close through the edge of the
Tim Sackton: through the edge of the forest.
Tim Sackton: Suddenly.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Surprisingly.
Tim Sackton: A 150 foot line of thorns shoots out towards 20 feet wide, shoots out towards
Tim Sackton: Kenzo and Seeker.
Tim Sackton: and you both have to make dexterity saving throws.
Tim Sackton: So Penzo is a plus 10.
Tim Sackton: Somebody roll for him.
Eric Rosenbaum: I rolled an 18.
Tim Sackton: Style.
Mike Sackton: You need a cancer roll.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, with a plus 10.
Mike Sackton: 19.
Tim Sackton: Okay. Kenzo manages to dodge out of the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so to seeker.
Tim Sackton: Beaker, however, is caught by the vines
Tim Sackton: taking
Tim Sackton: 16 points of slashing damage.
Tim Sackton: and is grappled.
Tim Sackton: and then almost immediately the vines are tracked, and 123-45-6789,
Tim Sackton: 10. Seeker is pulled 50 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: 8.
Tim Sackton: In word, oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: Towards the.
Tim Sackton: Creature as the vines drag you and rip you back.
Tim Sackton: A man
Tim Sackton: immediately.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no! No! No!
Tim Sackton: 2 more vines come flying out.
Tim Sackton: both striking seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Feel like I'm being singled out here.
Tim Sackton: Doing a total of.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Tim Sackton: 32 points of damage
Tim Sackton: and pulling seeker another 30 feet into the centre of this wriggling mass, and you are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Owning, down.
Tim Sackton: Then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Forest.
Tim Sackton: You are now
Tim Sackton: grappled and restrained.
Tim Sackton: Oh, sorry! Wait. It needs to make an attack to head
Tim Sackton: that you're in its space. 29. Yes, that hits.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God!
Tim Sackton: You are now restrained.
Tim Sackton: The vines, like
Tim Sackton: claw claw over seeker's head.
Tim Sackton: And you are being pulled into the center of this mass.
Tim Sackton: and that ends its turn. Kenzo and Delwyth are up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh! Brutal!
David (he/him): Wow!
Mike Sackton: Kenzo, any thoughts?
Mike Sackton: Kong, are you with us? Are you off on your.
Tim Sackton: Kong, I think, is still.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo can make lots of attacks.
Mike Sackton: Can he? Can he rescue, seeker.
Tim Sackton: so you can.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I can look at his character sheet like.
Tim Sackton: Somebody can try and pull, can run into the vines and try and pull secret out.
Tim Sackton: There's thorns that are sort of piling around. So you're going to take some slashing damage. But
Tim Sackton: Seeker is also going to take slashing damage at the beginning of his turn.
David (he/him): Seeker, how confident are you to get yourself ungrappled on your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: What tools. I'm not sure what tools I have for doing that.
Tim Sackton: I mean, what spells do you have.
Mike Sackton: Bells is the best.
Eric Rosenbaum: But like, what? What does that mean?
Tim Sackton: Well, like anything that's teleportation, anything that's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Makes you into a big, strong creature like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I could do. A polymorph or dimension door.
Mike Sackton: I mean dimension door would certainly get you out.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll do. That's probably the best idea.
Mike Sackton: Although if, yeah.
Mike Sackton: it feels like punching, this thing is not necessarily the best thing to do. But I don't know what else. Kenzie is good at doing.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's great at punching very hard.
David (he/him): Maybe you can punch extra super hard.
Mike Sackton: It just feels like your your kind of ranged attacks seem like the way to go here.
Mike Sackton: Who's he.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo can deflect attacks, remember.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
David (he/him): So we're not worried about him getting grappled if he goes in at it.
Tim Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: It happened.
Tim Sackton: It certainly could happen.
Tim Sackton: But I mean you gotta do damage to it somehow.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And so that's at full health. He's got all his key.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Why don't he just go punch it? That's sure
Mike Sackton: sense.
David (he/him): Don't worry about me, yells Kenzo, as he charges forward.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, he can move. He should move 50. So he's right next to seeker.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I got. I got him. Kenzo runs forward
Tim Sackton: just towards the edge of this tumbling master Vines and takes his staff.
Tim Sackton: begins
Tim Sackton: slamming it on
Tim Sackton: the vines around where Seeker is trying to break through this
Tim Sackton: rippling, thorny mask. Go ahead and make 5 attack rolls all
Tim Sackton: with
Tim Sackton: a plus
Tim Sackton: all with plus 10.
Mike Sackton: (251) 219-1528.
Tim Sackton: Only the 12 misses.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. The 5, th the 15 also misses
Tim Sackton: the other 3 had.
Tim Sackton: so that's
Tim Sackton: The 1st 2 would be with the staff. So that's 3D 10 plus
Tim Sackton: 16 damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use inspiration on one of them right.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, you could use inspiration for sure. That would turn the 15 into a
Tim Sackton: into a hat.
Mike Sackton: You had 3D. 10 plus 16.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: 36.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Mike Sackton: And one d. 10.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep.
Mike Sackton: That hit.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So that's another that hits for sure. The 50.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plus the 9 3 strikes damage.
Tim Sackton: Like no save me! And the 3.rd
Mike Sackton: Kendo's is always one d. 10. So.
Tim Sackton: One d. 10 plus 5 for that one.
Mike Sackton: Plus the 9 from the inspiration.
Tim Sackton: 9 from the inspiration. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, so.
Tim Sackton: So, okay, so Kenzo does 60 points of damage
Tim Sackton: and good job.
Mike Sackton: Kenzal.
Tim Sackton: Brutal blow as he rushes forward,
Tim Sackton: Leading to Dallas, turn.
Mike Sackton: Alright. I'm going with the second irradiance centered. It's a 30 foot
Mike Sackton: right there.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice, good call, thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try to squeeze it away.
Tim Sackton: Remember, you also have scatter.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but that's only 30 foot range.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're not within! You can't.
Mike Sackton: I'm not within 30 feet.
Tim Sackton: Not within 30 feet of seeker right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: scatter. Lets me teleport up to 5 people.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, wow!
Mike Sackton: Anywhere I want anywhere within a hundred 20 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: To different locations.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, each person goes wherever they want.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! That's cool.
Mike Sackton: Like rearrange the battle.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so seconding radiance.
Mike Sackton: But I'm not done. I'm gonna curse it with my cursey! Curse
Mike Sackton: my hex blade thing!
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Alright.
Mike Sackton: cause that's a bonus action, and that's 30 feet. And I'm gonna move.
Tim Sackton: Where do you want the thickening gradients like.
Mike Sackton: Centered right on, centered directly on seeker.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Basic.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: But secret like dead center.
Tim Sackton: Okay, yeah, that's centered on the point. That's in between Kenzona.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Trying to give Seeker as much chance of
Mike Sackton: protection as possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Mike Sackton: And then I'm gonna move.
Mike Sackton: And I make that
Mike Sackton: you can. You can move on. I'm gonna move.
Mike Sackton: Cause I think.
Mike Sackton: wow!
Mike Sackton: See, Ed waiting.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is next.
Mike Sackton: I'd like to get closer to seeker, but I also don't want to.
Tim Sackton: While Darwyth is considering where to run. As the sickening radiance appears. Welby looks up at this mess before him, and.
David (he/him): Well, we take steady aim at the center of it, and
David (he/him): adds all 4 of charges from the flaming bow string
David (he/him): diagonal.
Mike Sackton: Good plan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
David (he/him): 21.
Tim Sackton: 21 hits.
David (he/him): Alright. So here is the regular sneak attacked image first, st
David (he/him): that's 33
David (he/him): plus 14 fire damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay, double to 28, because it's vulnerable.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice.
Tim Sackton: So as Bobby's arrow hits, you see this burst of flame erupt
Tim Sackton: nearby, where the arrow strikes, but with this mass of vines it seems.
Tim Sackton: despite the flame burning, it seems rather
Tim Sackton: small compared to this Gargantuan mass as seeker. It is your turn now.
Tim Sackton: and so, at the beginning of your turn, you take 20 points of slashing damage as the vines constrict around you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Many more. Oh, man, I am not in good shape. Take care.
David (he/him): This round.
Mike Sackton: I can next turn
Mike Sackton: I can
Mike Sackton: get you out.
Mike Sackton: Assuming I'm able to move.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you're saying I could make an attack instead of just dimensioning myself out.
Mike Sackton: Risky cause. If it attacks me.
Mike Sackton: then
Mike Sackton: that's harder to.
Mike Sackton: I need to run towards it to get out, to get you out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right now, if it grapples me and drags me towards you.
Mike Sackton: that I can get you out because I can guess. Scatter right.
Mike Sackton: Which is also my plan for getting out. If it attacks me.
Eric Rosenbaum: Plumbed.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm down to 33
Eric Rosenbaum: bullshit.
Mike Sackton: But there's some risk in not getting out on your own
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm dimension daring.
Eric Rosenbaum: I gotta do that.
Tim Sackton: And put yourself anywhere with dimension door, anywhere on the battle map
Tim Sackton: or off the battle map. It's 500 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I'll just go over by
Eric Rosenbaum: right, is there? There's a dis we've we've learned there's a disadvantage to being too close to each other.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, man! But I don't.
Tim Sackton: Finds that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Only by myself.
Tim Sackton: Out from it. We're basically just wide enough to get the 2 of you like 2530 feet.
Tim Sackton: That don't.
Mike Sackton: Don't!
Tim Sackton: Within 30 feet of anybody.
Mike Sackton: Go to like the top of a tree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, I can go way up high.
Mike Sackton: Why don't you go to the top of it?
Mike Sackton: Top of a tree and then cast? You can't cast another spell at it, but.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, this is my one spell for the round.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, if I'm up, I'm up high in a tree. I would need to then like animate something to fly, which would take me in action.
David (he/him): Good guys.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like.
David (he/him): As a bonus. Action.
Tim Sackton: Potions are in the sections. If you have a potion.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good call. I'm gonna take a post.
Tim Sackton: Chug some healing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Push push
Tim Sackton: Got a.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you've got a greater healing portion. That's 44 plus 4 hit points.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! I will do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oops.
Tim Sackton: Take the.
Eric Rosenbaum: I did. It's
Eric Rosenbaum: I did it by accident. Okay, 15. Alright, and I'm
Eric Rosenbaum: I boot myself out boop, and I peer way over here.
Tim Sackton: That, and seekers turn as the vines now
Tim Sackton: struggle and writhe.
Tim Sackton: It's a
Tim Sackton: constitution saving throw, Mike. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: that's a 13. So how much damage.
Mike Sackton: 40, 10, and it does it immune to exhaustion.
Tim Sackton: It is immune to exhaustion.
Mike Sackton: 20 damage.
Mike Sackton: It's a real, it's really immune to exhaustion. Okay, fine.
Tim Sackton: Wow.
Tim Sackton: yeah, I mean.
Tim Sackton: And now
Tim Sackton: it's also sort of.
David (he/him): You need to make a.
Tim Sackton: Another conseve for its burning fire.
Tim Sackton: That's an 18.
David (he/him): Yeah, that makes it. Fire goes out.
Tim Sackton: Okay, it's vines wriggle
Tim Sackton: as it runs from the
Tim Sackton: moving 1, 2,
Tim Sackton: 3, 4,
Tim Sackton: 5,
Tim Sackton: sex
Tim Sackton: and then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa! Wait! Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: Let's see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh no!
Tim Sackton: Inch.
Eric Rosenbaum: This is why.
Tim Sackton: Dallas and range.
Tim Sackton: It's gonna before it runs. It's gonna make 2 attacks at Kenzo
Tim Sackton: trying to drag him
Tim Sackton: with it.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be a
Tim Sackton: 14 that misses.
Tim Sackton: and a 60, and that misses
Tim Sackton: as distracted trying to run away from the spell and its vines as it
Tim Sackton: lings them at Kenzo, as it begins to run, Miss wildly, but then
Tim Sackton: is.
Tim Sackton: I don't think Welby's in range here. No, Welby's not in range.
Tim Sackton: Dallas, and ranged secrets and danger. Then one more vine swings at
Tim Sackton: Darwind. That's a 17.
Mike Sackton: Miss.
Tim Sackton: And one more vine swings at seeker. That's a 60. Wow! It will very poorly. What's your A/C seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Really good.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's 14.
Tim Sackton: So, seeker.
Tim Sackton: it's grab a gun
Tim Sackton: fine
Tim Sackton: and draft.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Tim Sackton: Back into the thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought we improved my armor.
Tim Sackton: Not entangled. You're not.
Tim Sackton: You take another
Tim Sackton: another 22 points of bludgeoning and piercing damage from the vines, but it does not have enough attacks left for the vines to wrap around you. So you're just kind of standing in this mass. You're not entangled. You're not
Tim Sackton: taking slashing damage on your turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that portion of healing!
Eric Rosenbaum: I have to like delete. It.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, just delete that.
Tim Sackton: Okay,
Tim Sackton: And that is
Tim Sackton: that is all it's going to do.
Mike Sackton: Okay, whose turn is it?
Mike Sackton: Or back at the top.
Tim Sackton: After it is Kenzo, and then Darwin.
David (he/him): Press attack with advantage.
Tim Sackton: Right a tackle advantage. So.
Mike Sackton: Okay. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo
Tim Sackton: can run forward again, staying in the thickening radiance.
Tim Sackton: Dodging past the tree here and coming up right there, and so make
Tim Sackton: just roll 10 d. 25 attacks.
Tim Sackton: all with advantage.
Mike Sackton: Let's do pairs 15 is the 1st pair.
Mike Sackton: 19 is the second pair. Crit is the 3rd pair.
Mike Sackton: It doesn't eat doesn't eat mess.
Mike Sackton: That's 8 plus 1018.
Tim Sackton: No, none of the none of those mess.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So yeah, so, so, how much did he does? Wendy? 10 plus 5 per.
Tim Sackton: Enzo again rushes forward.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Tim Sackton: Like angry at this creature for corrupting. But
Tim Sackton: forest, and does
Tim Sackton: let's see.
Tim Sackton: So all of them hit, and one's a crit. So that's
Mike Sackton: 60, 10.
Tim Sackton: The 10 plus
Tim Sackton: 12 plus 60, 10 plus 12 plus 15.
Mike Sackton: 67, damage.
Tim Sackton: So Kenza does another 67 damage as he rushes forward pummeling this creature, and now
Tim Sackton: it finally looks
Tim Sackton: bloodied.
Tim Sackton: But in response to this it begins to fling
Tim Sackton: pieces of its vines
Tim Sackton: just randomly across, and as they land
Tim Sackton: let's see, how many does it summon? 1, 2, 3, 6, 8. They turn and grow
Tim Sackton: out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where is my.
Tim Sackton: Token
Tim Sackton: turning into
Tim Sackton: small piles
Tim Sackton: of animated vines. These are minions. Note the squares.
Tim Sackton: Oops not right on top of you.
Tim Sackton: and 2 next to it. Oh, no.
Tim Sackton: it's cannot really put one, not in. The
Tim Sackton: Kenzo is kind of safe cause. It can't get one.
Tim Sackton: I can't get one that's not in the sitting radiance next to Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: they appear. They act on their own initiative, so they'll act after dealt with. So it's now dealt with. Turn.
David (he/him): Can I use my skirmisher reaction at this point, or do I have to wait until they finish their turn to do that
David (he/him): like.
Tim Sackton: Intuitive.
David (he/him): To use it now, but I don't.
Tim Sackton: What is it? It's when a creature ends its turn. Yeah, I think it makes sense that you could use it. Now, I mean.
David (he/him): Cool.
Tim Sackton: I'm basically just doing Darwind a favor to let
Tim Sackton: to not mess up the initiative order and give you a chance to react before they can attack you. But yeah, definitely, you can move away.
Tim Sackton: Do you need more space? I can expand the map.
Tim Sackton: or, you know, get moving that way.
David (he/him): Yes.
Mike Sackton: Okay,
Mike Sackton: do you guys think the signaling radiance is worth keeping around versus
Mike Sackton: potentially doing a lot of damage.
Tim Sackton: All I was doing right now is keeping minions from swarming. Kenzo.
David (he/him): I mean, could you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Fun.
Tim Sackton: Tree's not going to step back into. I mean, the vines aren't going to step back into it.
Mike Sackton: No, I'm gonna run over here. I'll take 3 attacks of opportunity if they choose to do so.
Tim Sackton: they well, they make one minion attack.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Wait a minute. The 1st thing you need to do is make a dexterity saving throw.
Mike Sackton: 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so the vines try and reach out and grab you. But you manage to dodge around them. They still swing at you.
Tim Sackton: that's a 20,
Tim Sackton: 20, some high number to hit.
Tim Sackton: So you do take 26 to hit.
Mike Sackton: Hold on
Mike Sackton: 26 to hit.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay, that hits.
Tim Sackton: And they do. Yeah, that's right. Cause you have shields. So you actually care about what the high 20.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: I forgot that. So you take 12 points of piercing damage as the vines as you manage to dodge through them, attempting to grapple you.
Tim Sackton: Schwartz, can you just make a dexterity saving throw for
Tim Sackton: for well, be as well, just, since
Tim Sackton: normally they would get a chance to try and grab you when you start your turn. I'm just gonna well, yeah, okay, well, I'll be easily dodges away.
Tim Sackton: okay, deal with Mike. What's Delwith doing.
Mike Sackton: Okay, I'm I'm gonna give up on the sickening radiance.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'm going to cast as a bonus action, spirit shroud.
Mike Sackton: and then I'm making my attacks.
Tim Sackton: Bye, guy.
Mike Sackton: And they all have advantage right
Mike Sackton: still.
Tim Sackton: Yup.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: okay. So I crit
Mike Sackton: my 1st attack.
Mike Sackton: So with shirt spirit, child, oh, God, how many d 6 s. Is this?
Tim Sackton: 46 plus.
Mike Sackton: No sorry spirit shroud is sorry. Spirit's d. 8.
Tim Sackton: 88.
Mike Sackton: Spirit trout is 2D. 8, but it's at
Mike Sackton: it's 5th level. So it's 2D. 8. So 48 plus
Mike Sackton: to it's 60. It's 68, not 88, right?
Tim Sackton: You have your
Tim Sackton: your sword. Does an extra wind.
Mike Sackton: Oh, right? 2D, 8, yeah. Yeah. So 8 d. 8
Mike Sackton: plus
Mike Sackton: 6
Mike Sackton: loss
Mike Sackton: or
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: No. Sorry. I don't remember what all my features do?
Mike Sackton: What does text warrior do?
Tim Sackton: Plus your proficiency to damage.
Mike Sackton: Right? Okay? So plus 5.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so the 1st attack is 47 damage.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: trying to match Kenzel.
Mike Sackton: Back end attack also crits. Oh, no, that's plus 11. It doesn't crit.
Tim Sackton: But you have advantage.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I know I'm trying again, it does not crit. So that's
Mike Sackton: 48 plus 6 plus 5.
Mike Sackton: So that's 31.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Passing Kenza. There.
Mike Sackton: 3rd attack.
Mike Sackton: Alt does not crit, but.
Mike Sackton: or d 8 plus 6, plus 5,
Mike Sackton: 23.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So.
Tim Sackton: Let me get all those.
Mike Sackton: The night 50, 70.
Tim Sackton: Do them separately.
Mike Sackton: 100 and one.
Tim Sackton: Fetch.
David (he/him): Holy goodness.
Tim Sackton: One.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow!
Mike Sackton: I mean I've never.
Mike Sackton: Spirit tried before. That's a good spell, and it's moving.
Tim Sackton: Looking, I mean. So
Tim Sackton: Kenzler did about
Tim Sackton: did about 200 damage to bloody it. And now a hundred more damage. It's definitely looking
Tim Sackton: on the unhappy side that ends your turn.
Mike Sackton: That ends my turn. It's all radiant damage, and it
Mike Sackton: Its speed is reduced by 10.
Tim Sackton: Okay, well, it's not planning on moving at this point. The minions swarm in.
Tim Sackton: It does not like
Tim Sackton: what you've done to it.
Tim Sackton: Not at all.
Tim Sackton: 6,
Tim Sackton: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
Tim Sackton: yeah, that one can just get there. So 1, 2, 3
Tim Sackton: for 6 minions
Tim Sackton: around Delworth.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: slash at you with their vines.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: 20. That's 30,
Tim Sackton: 2 to hat.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be
Tim Sackton: 24 points of piercing damage.
Tim Sackton: And these 2 other minions are attacking seeker.
Tim Sackton: That's
Tim Sackton: a natural one.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is, too, is too distracted by the
Tim Sackton: vines swarming around him to
Tim Sackton: yeah
Tim Sackton: care, or Oh, good thing! You've got Aldritch, my.
Mike Sackton: I know. Yep.
Tim Sackton: for the for the vines to get in. And now, Welby.
Tim Sackton: as these vine surround is up, seekers next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David (he/him): Welby surveys the battlefield, sees the incredible array of
David (he/him): enemies around dealt with, and can't really do much about that. So I'm gonna shoot the tree again. Let's let's end this thing as quick. So.
Tim Sackton: Well, you can try, and you have a straight shot through 3 minions. If you want to try and kill the minions.
Tim Sackton: remember they're minions. They take
Tim Sackton: spill over damage.
Mike Sackton: No, no, just kill the tree. I'm okay.
David (he/him): Yeah, I think.
David (he/him): sorry.
Tim Sackton: 26.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, why.
Eric Rosenbaum: you want to get that fire damage doubling.
Tim Sackton: I used all his charges already, so it's no more fire damage. But.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, okay.
Tim Sackton: It is
Tim Sackton: 43 points of
Tim Sackton: sneak attack damage.
Tim Sackton: So this thing is clearly now somewhat on its last legs.
Tim Sackton: and it is going to
Tim Sackton: release
Tim Sackton: suddenly this chaotic spray of thorns.
Tim Sackton: Everybody within 60 feet, which is everybody.
Tim Sackton: has to make a dexterity, saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: cast.
Tim Sackton: Pretty well. See 20 plus 10 for Kenzo.
Mike Sackton: I got it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Mike Sackton: No, I don't got it. Sorry, Kenzo.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh!
Tim Sackton: Kenzo takes 45 points of slashing damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Me!
Tim Sackton: Everybody else takes half that. So what is that? 22 points of slashing damage.
Mike Sackton: That's a lot of damage.
David (he/him): Will be fixed.
Tim Sackton: And while he takes oh, no! Kenzo takes half. Kenzo takes the same because he has evasion as well. So Kenzo takes 22 points of.
Eric Rosenbaum: And.
Tim Sackton: Nobody's tracking Kenzo's health but me. Right? So I'll do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: I am at I am at
Eric Rosenbaum: for.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo has been hit
Tim Sackton: yet, has he?
Mike Sackton: No, I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: Now everybody has to make a wisdom saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: What? Oh.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, boy!
Eric Rosenbaum: Woof rolled it
Eric Rosenbaum: 17 plus 0.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzo is.
Mike Sackton: Overall.
Tim Sackton: 8.
Mike Sackton: 18.
Tim Sackton: So everybody but Welby is dazed by this blast
Tim Sackton: until the end of your next turn.
Tim Sackton: You have when you start your turn. Except for Wellbe, there's a random effect that happens. I will tell you what it is.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tim Sackton: As you are dating.
Eric Rosenbaum: Everything.
Tim Sackton: Used by the eruption.
Tim Sackton: So seeker random effect, you
Tim Sackton: not surprisingly, are frightened by the vine monster.
Tim Sackton: so that means that you can't move close to it.
Tim Sackton: You
Tim Sackton: have disadvantage on the tackles.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: I was gonna.
Tim Sackton: Run away from it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think I should probably just dimension door away again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ugh!
Eric Rosenbaum: Guys like, I know, up till now, like I've been really like leaning into combat and getting close up to things. But I think that's gotta end
Eric Rosenbaum: because it's just too dangerous for me. So it's
Eric Rosenbaum: I was gonna make an awesome fire attack, but I think actually no, I should just dimension door out so as not to get knocked over.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have to use a.
Mike Sackton: Out!
Eric Rosenbaum: That's a
Eric Rosenbaum: what's that?
Mike Sackton: Never. I. I have to remember. I can avoid its attacks. Forget it's okay. I just, I forgot about one of my abilities.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I'm using a 5th Level slot.
Tim Sackton: Oh, you're a heck's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I forgot about that, too. Did you make you made a
Tim Sackton: can't say for them
Tim Sackton: damage? Yes, yes, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm just gonna.
Tim Sackton: Sneaker.
Eric Rosenbaum: And again.
Tim Sackton: And
Tim Sackton: going as far away from the thing as he can.
Tim Sackton: You can dish out inspiration as a bonus action if you want.
Tim Sackton: because now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Reactively.
Tim Sackton: We're doing it for now we're doing it either way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: I think the the bonus action is actually sometimes a little bit more useful, because you have other things to do with your reaction.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: The vines now
Tim Sackton: will attempt again to
Tim Sackton: grapple
Tim Sackton: everybody except Seeker, who. I don't even know where Seeker went, but he's.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, way over to the edge. Here.
Mike Sackton: As far as he can.
Tim Sackton: Seen by the vines.
Tim Sackton: That's an 18 on Welby.
David (he/him): That's miss. I have a 19 A/C now.
Tim Sackton: That's a 16 on Kenzo. That's a miss.
Tim Sackton: That's an 18 on deal with.
Mike Sackton: Mess.
Tim Sackton: Thing can't really save its life.
Tim Sackton: That's a 31 back on Welby.
David (he/him): That was a hit.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be
Tim Sackton: 21 plus
Tim Sackton: plus 13. So 34 points of damage
Tim Sackton: going.
David (he/him): That all at once.
Tim Sackton: All at once. Yup! It's 1 attack.
David (he/him): Is that 16.
Tim Sackton: So 16. But you are still pulled 30 feet
Tim Sackton: into the vines.
Tim Sackton: and that will end.
Tim Sackton: It's turn.
Tim Sackton: It doesn't have any more attacks to grapple you.
Tim Sackton: So Kenzal's up.
David (he/him): This was gonna finish it right?
Mike Sackton: I think you should just punch it right like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: There's no no advantage, any right.
Tim Sackton: No advantage anymore.
Mike Sackton: That's okay.
Tim Sackton: So everything but the the 1st 3 hit right.
Mike Sackton: So that's 40 to want the 1st to crit. So that's what 40 10 plus
Mike Sackton: plus.
Tim Sackton: 12 plus
Tim Sackton: 40 10 plus
Tim Sackton: 17.
Mike Sackton: 34. That's kind of a crappy role.
Tim Sackton: Not quite enough, but fortunately Darwind is next.
Mike Sackton: I guess I should attack it.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Mike Sackton: I'll ignore the minions. I'll ignore my faltering health and just try and kill this thing.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that hits.
Mike Sackton: 31 damage.
Tim Sackton: With that strike
Tim Sackton: the vines like shrivel up among themselves.
Tim Sackton: and retreat into this hard shell.
Tim Sackton: Now I should have made a token for the hard shell.
Tim Sackton: There's just
Tim Sackton: go ahead.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go after the I mean, if the minions don't vanish, I'm gonna ignore the hard shelf, for right now I am surrounded by minions, and try and kill.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so minions do not vanish.
Mike Sackton: Is that.
Mike Sackton: is it? It's not dead right? I don't get the hit points back that I get when I kill something.
Tim Sackton: It's not Dad.
Mike Sackton: Okay?
Mike Sackton: So that 25 will hit a menu.
Tim Sackton: 5, hits.
Mike Sackton: yeah, but it's not marked. So it's only plus 6.
Tim Sackton: Plus sex yeah.
Mike Sackton: 26 days.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Darwinth swings around and 3 minions
Tim Sackton: fall to his blade.
Mike Sackton: 17. Does that hit the Midians?
Tim Sackton: Yes, that does hit the minions.
Mike Sackton: Plus 6
Mike Sackton: 22.
Tim Sackton: 22 kills another 2 minions that fall to your last slash.
Tim Sackton: Oh.
Tim Sackton: well, it wouldn't matter, because it just grapples you. You do need to make a deck save when you start your
Tim Sackton: turn next to minions. But you didn't try and move anywhere, anyway, so it probably doesn't really matter. I mean you're not. You're not grappled, anyway. You made the save.
Mike Sackton: and.
Tim Sackton: So you are free to move if you would wish.
Mike Sackton: I'm actually just gonna move
Mike Sackton: there. So no opportunity attacks
Mike Sackton: cause I'm staying. But all 3 of the minions lose 10 feet of speed.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Where's the.
Tim Sackton: Turn.
Mike Sackton: Where's the guy? He's like, somewhere, right like, there.
Tim Sackton: Right there, right in the center of where the thing used to be like where the tree roots touch.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Draw a shape or something.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, that's a good idea.
Tim Sackton: right there.
Tim Sackton: Oh, can you see that? Or is that on the GM.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we can see that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, it? Works.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the 3 minions that are left
Tim Sackton: are going to move to try and attack
Tim Sackton: Darwinth.
Tim Sackton: That's a
Tim Sackton: let's see, they add, that's a 28 to hit.
Mike Sackton: Alright, that hits.
Tim Sackton: And you take 12 points of piercing damage.
Mike Sackton: And they keep this, adding up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: And that brings us to.
Mike Sackton: And spare chat goes away.
Tim Sackton: Wow! Be Harold.
Mike Sackton: Tutus.
David (he/him): Can I get all 3 of those minions with shot.
Tim Sackton: No cause, Dallas, in the way you could skewer 2 of them.
Tim Sackton: You'd have to move to get 3 of them.
David (he/him): I can do that.
David (he/him): I'm gonna move.
David (he/him): And then so okay, so I'll be moves. And then I use the clockwork amulet to roll 21.
Tim Sackton: I think you got to move one more, one more down to hit. Get all 3 of them in a line.
Tim Sackton: Not that it really matters.
Tim Sackton: So that's 34. While these arrow pierces through all 3 of these vine creatures. Boom! Boom! All of them falling to the ground.
Tim Sackton: as the minions as the vines that are surrounding Darwind are defeated, and it's seeker's turn.
Tim Sackton: Having fled the battlefield and now left looking at this hard, woody mass.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's the what's going on with the witty mass? I guess I can't really see it from where I am. Very well.
Tim Sackton: I can't even see where you are.
Mike Sackton: Think is right here. He's way in the corner.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Left edge there.
Tim Sackton: I see you.
Tim Sackton: No, you're pretty far away from it. You can't really see it from where you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I'll just cast some healing on myself, cause I'm at 4,
Eric Rosenbaum: and I don't actually wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I also have a potion I can still use, I think.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if I use 5th level healing bird
Eric Rosenbaum: 21.
Mike Sackton: Actually, I'm gonna use a bonus action to cast a healing word on myself, too.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: just because.
Eric Rosenbaum: Presumably this.
Eric Rosenbaum: The little nut inset in the center of the vines is harmless. But who knows what's gonna happen next? So.
Mike Sackton: Oh, my God, I that's the worst possible role. It's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Ouch!
Tim Sackton: Sad.
Mike Sackton: 3 ones and 2 twos.
Mike Sackton: It's okay.
Tim Sackton: Okay? So
Tim Sackton: that ends seeker's turn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I'll just take. I'll do a potion as well, I think, if I got one.
Eric Rosenbaum: But yeah, I'm done. I'm done.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So after after seeker retreats this.
Tim Sackton: the this little nut cracks open
Tim Sackton: and you can see these vibe like it's this thing is clearly like
Tim Sackton: retreated and barely holding on to life.
Tim Sackton: But somehow it still has this
Tim Sackton: incredible urge to
Tim Sackton: consume living things, and 4 vines shoot out
Tim Sackton: from the little nut.
Tim Sackton: That's a 25 on
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: So that's
Tim Sackton: 32 points of damage Kenzo can roll.
Tim Sackton: What is it, Wendy?
Tim Sackton: 10 plus
Tim Sackton: 19
Tim Sackton: to reduce the damage.
Tim Sackton: Somebody want to roll that.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I got it.
Tim Sackton: I got.
Mike Sackton: 24.
Tim Sackton: So instead of 32 points of damage, Kenza takes 6 points of damage as he uses his reaction to slam the vine away.
Tim Sackton: but the second vine now comes
Tim Sackton: smashing towards him.
Tim Sackton: said.
Tim Sackton: 22 to hit, which does hit
Tim Sackton: so that's gonna do
Tim Sackton: 25 points of damage
Tim Sackton: as Kenzo is dragged closer in.
Tim Sackton: Benevine comes for Darwinth.
Tim Sackton: That's a 20
Tim Sackton: one to deal with, and a 27 to Welby.
Tim Sackton: 21 hat mate.
Mike Sackton: Shield.
Tim Sackton: So a magical force
Tim Sackton: shimmers out, blocking the vine that
Tim Sackton: would have hit dealt with.
Tim Sackton: Well, B. Is still.
David (he/him): That's it.
Tim Sackton: Hit for
Tim Sackton: 29 points of damage.
David (he/him): Continue down.
Tim Sackton: You're also dragged close, and it seems there's now these vines that are wrapping up, you know.
Tim Sackton: swirling around Kenzo and deal with, and it looks like it's trying to like somehow. Pull them into this knot.
Tim Sackton: But it's the vines are vulnerable while they're wrapped around you as
Tim Sackton: Kenzo.
Tim Sackton: Presumably he pummels the vines.
Mike Sackton: Punch, the vines.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Mike Sackton: Does that? 1613 presumably misses. What about 16.
Tim Sackton: Everything hits except for the last 2. But it doesn't matter, because in this state it only has one hit point, and as Kenzo's first, st as Kenzo's staff slams into the vine.
Tim Sackton: the vine cracks in half, and this radiating crack of the energy of Kenza's
Tim Sackton: Kenzo's staff shimmers up and you can see that the
Tim Sackton: this, like wooden center thing, begins to crack. Kenzo follows up with a second hit with his staff, with shatters
Tim Sackton: this wooden knot into pieces, and the vines just
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: shatter, like wood cracking like like. If you crack a glass or something, and the cracks just spread all across it. They're shattering everywhere as they begin to
Tim Sackton: split and fall apart.
Tim Sackton: This wooden, not destroyed
Tim Sackton: Saturday.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tree, doing.
Tim Sackton: As quiet falls.
Tim Sackton: You hear
Tim Sackton: this sort of
Tim Sackton: slow.
Tim Sackton: ponderous voice begin to speak.
Tim Sackton: Styang.
Tim Sackton: Thank you. Big monkeys
Tim Sackton: did not think
Tim Sackton: that would ever go away.
Tim Sackton: Not seen such big monkeys before.
Tim Sackton: but I appreciate
Tim Sackton: you finding me in this state.
Tim Sackton: and the tree begins to creak, and like
Tim Sackton: branches begin to wave, and it seems like it's shaking slightly to wake itself up, to shake off some bad dream.
Tim Sackton: seeming waiting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, we were! Gonna ask it about the jade.
Mike Sackton: Mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
David (he/him): Let's ask it. If it's okay, though, like, is it? Yes, any other? Well, yeah.
David (he/him): First, st yeah.
David (he/him): yeah, are, are you okay? Tree?
Tim Sackton: I will heal. I am better now than that
Tim Sackton: burning.
Tim Sackton: See that
Tim Sackton: pierce! My mind is gone. That fragment, that
Tim Sackton: shrapnel of
Tim Sackton: chaos.
Tim Sackton: seems again, like taking some time to
Tim Sackton: catch its breath briefly, and and breathe.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where? Where did it come from?
Tim Sackton: Where did it come from?
Tim Sackton: I do not know. Big monkey.
Tim Sackton: I could ask the same of you
Tim Sackton: not seen
Tim Sackton: such a
Tim Sackton: well, actually.
Tim Sackton: Welby and Seeker aren't really that much? Well, B. Is not that much bigger than the howler monkeys? So really, the big monkey is referring to Darwinth and Kenzo Seeker is just monkey Welby is little monkey.
Tim Sackton: I
Tim Sackton: I've not seen any of your kind with such
Tim Sackton: bright steel and
Tim Sackton: strange.
Tim Sackton: The wind sort of rustles in the branches.
Tim Sackton: Spur.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps you are
Tim Sackton: not here by accident.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps you
Tim Sackton: came from the shrapnel, and it turns. It seems like it's getting angry for a moment. But no!
Tim Sackton: Why would you have
Tim Sackton: audit then?
Tim Sackton: Ponders? Hmm!
Tim Sackton: But the dreams were full of
Tim Sackton: such strange chaos.
Tim Sackton: A giant rock with overgrown forests 1 min blown apart by
Tim Sackton: a wind of
Tim Sackton: ice and water, and then suddenly into a rolling pasture that erupted with a volcano, and nothing was
Tim Sackton: fixed. Even as I watched and dreamed. The world broke apart again and again. And so
Tim Sackton: maybe I'm still in that dreaming.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Tim Sackton: It seems to be working itself up.
Tim Sackton: How do I know you are real.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps we can offer you
Eric Rosenbaum: some help.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can can I cast a healing spell on the tree.
Tim Sackton: Sure!
Eric Rosenbaum: Cause. It's visibly like
Eric Rosenbaum: injured right?
Tim Sackton: You can't see any like visible signs of injury
Tim Sackton: like it's not.
Tim Sackton: There's no its bark seems intact. There's no like wounds.
David (he/him): And Kenzo, soul sight the tree, or, like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, sure. So I mean, it's not so, Kenzo. Soul site would reveal. It's not.
Tim Sackton: There's nothing
Tim Sackton: there's nothing wrong with it except like. It's confused and upset, and
Tim Sackton: there's nothing like magically wrong with it, if not cursed. It's not
Tim Sackton: particularly wounded.
Tim Sackton: I've really.
Eric Rosenbaum: See.
Tim Sackton: Like it just woke up from a very bad dream, and is still trying to sort out what's real and what's not.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Mike Sackton: What language is it talking?
Tim Sackton: Amish!
Eric Rosenbaum: so I can't speak to it directly.
Tim Sackton: Well, I assume deal with is translating.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I can't quite remember why we were coming to this tree.
Tim Sackton: Because the jungle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing about the J.
Tim Sackton: You were like. That's the source of the mess up. I don't quite remember exactly why you were coming to the tree either.
Tim Sackton: other than it was. There.
Mike Sackton: Right
Mike Sackton: oh, man!
Eric Rosenbaum: It was there.
Mike Sackton: That I mean.
Mike Sackton: what? Why would you do anything
Mike Sackton: right? It's there that's a good reason. But delleth will like
Mike Sackton: tell it. Try and sort of
Mike Sackton: it seems like agitated and like it just woke up basically.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: deal with will
Mike Sackton: sort of I mean. Try.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And.
Mike Sackton: That.
Mike Sackton: Calm it down a bit.
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: Tell it like
Mike Sackton: store some, maybe some story, a story about the elven trees like sort of
Mike Sackton: tell it a story about Aldore.
Mike Sackton: sort of
Mike Sackton: tell it where? Where? Tell it a story about Kenzo's, you know. Forest soul
Mike Sackton: like
Mike Sackton: the bats like just kind of
Mike Sackton: nothing too specific, just like talk it to it a little bit about, you know. Kind of like, let me, you know you're waking up.
Mike Sackton: Let me tell you some things that have been happening. Do you know of? You know
Mike Sackton: we we met these bats and oh, you know this is Kenzo, and he.
Mike Sackton: his staff, came from the forest, and I'm dealt with, and.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and make a persuasion check.
Mike Sackton: I'm sorry I got us on the carriage.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it seems that I mean it's listening. It doesn't
Tim Sackton: a lot of what you're saying. It doesn't really seem to understand, but just the like rhythm of you talking and telling stories, and all this like it clearly has no idea what you mean by Alden are, or.
Tim Sackton: you know, anything like that. But just the sound of your voice kind of
Tim Sackton: begins to calm the the tree down a little bit, and you know, after maybe 10 or 15 min of of dealt with telling these stories. It does seem to be.
Tim Sackton: if not relaxed, at least kind of
Tim Sackton: sort of nodding along, you know, interjecting occasionally about how
Tim Sackton: you know
Tim Sackton: it's it's nice that such strange looking creatures are, you know, so civilized and can speak, never would have guessed.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: starts to sort of
Tim Sackton: seem to relax a little bit, at least acknowledge that you're
Tim Sackton: friendly and not
Tim Sackton: and not a figment of its imagination.
Mike Sackton: Some point they'll ask if it
Mike Sackton: needs anything
Mike Sackton: to help the jungle return to
Mike Sackton: what was it? Pip and Echo? Were the bats or the bats? Names.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. Pip and echo.
Mike Sackton: They? I'll I'll explain that the bats told a story of a
Mike Sackton: much more
Mike Sackton: a live place.
Mike Sackton: And does it need anything to bring that back.
David (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: It sort of slowly sort of listens, and
Tim Sackton: hmm
Tim Sackton: do not
Tim Sackton: know, for sure, as I
Tim Sackton: do not really
Tim Sackton: understand what
Tim Sackton: happened.
Tim Sackton: where did this
Tim Sackton: starred come from? Are there
Tim Sackton: more of them?
Tim Sackton: It was
Tim Sackton: only
Tim Sackton: just
Tim Sackton: past the last moon that this
Tim Sackton: happen.
David (he/him): Wasn't there something about moons for the plane of cast scroll like is.
Mike Sackton: Pandemonium. Yeah. Pandemonium
Mike Sackton: Do we have a mirror usage.
Tim Sackton: I don't think so.
Tim Sackton: Let me check.
Mike Sackton: Because, can we? There was there any bits of the
Mike Sackton: shell of the vine creature laughed, or did it all just disintegrate into.
Tim Sackton: No, it disintegrated into dust.
Tim Sackton: Mirror visions!
Tim Sackton: The last one was, where's my?
Tim Sackton: The last one was
Tim Sackton: no, the seeker doppelganger. So that was.
Tim Sackton: That was only 3 days ago, the the last Mirror vision.
Mike Sackton: Plus if it, if the
Mike Sackton: if the vine I wanted to see where the vine came from. But if it disintegrated into dust, that's not going to help us.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: could have been
Mike Sackton: there was this
Mike Sackton: I'll I'll I'll say this in Dunmari.
Mike Sackton: but
Mike Sackton: there was this
Mike Sackton: There were some people right, remember, who gave
Mike Sackton: somebody a scroll of Pandemond, the bowling pandemonium closer
Mike Sackton: that got used.
David (he/him): Where the scroll came from doesn't seem relevant to the story.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: At.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Mike Sackton: A month, I mean, does the timing line up for the theory is.
Tim Sackton: Time.
Mike Sackton: And.
Tim Sackton: The timing does line up seeker. Can you make an arcana check.
Tim Sackton: or anybody who's proficient in arcana?
Tim Sackton: I don't know if there's anybody besides seeker.
Mike Sackton: Dealt with actually is.
David (he/him): I.
David (he/him): We're trying to line it up with a full moon right.
Mike Sackton: I got a 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: 4.
Mike Sackton: Narqana.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Dylan knows more than seeker. For the 1st time in his life. He's very excited.
Eric Rosenbaum: Terrible.
Tim Sackton: So.
Eric Rosenbaum: Don't!
Tim Sackton: Darwind actually does
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: you know, you're not an expert in the planes. But
Tim Sackton: certainly there's stories from, you know.
Tim Sackton: Alvin, Laura, growing up, and what the forest was describing in its dream at least, which doesn't mean there's it's not unrelated to pandemonium.
Tim Sackton: but this does not
Tim Sackton: sound like pandemonium at all. In fact.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's an elemental stuff.
Tim Sackton: What this reminds Darwinth of is so when you are preparing to fight
Tim Sackton: Shamite.
Tim Sackton: one of the things that the Elven
Tim Sackton: wizards and the Elven.
Tim Sackton: like, you know that the old elves, who were sort of preparing the troops talked about, was Shamat's connection to the plane of chaos
Tim Sackton: known as Limbo.
Tim Sackton: And now you have to be prepared on the battlefield, because
Tim Sackton: you never knew when things might shift or fix.
Tim Sackton: or elements might crash together or split apart.
Tim Sackton: The ground might shift underneath you
Tim Sackton: because she might.
Tim Sackton: was a master of manipulating the
Tim Sackton: magic of chaos tied to them.
Tim Sackton: Plane of limbo.
Tim Sackton: And as you listen to the tree. Speak about this dream it's having that.
Tim Sackton: That's what it reminds Delwyth of is these stories of like
Tim Sackton: the that the that the sort of, and you were sort of always on the sidelines, right? Because that was like a like a
Tim Sackton: quartermaster.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Actual warrior. But you still heard these stories. Right?
Tim Sackton: That's what it makes you think of is Shamuz magic and the magic of chaos.
Mike Sackton: So we know.
Mike Sackton: I mean what's off.
Tim Sackton: Timing lines up exactly with when the pandemonium scroll started.
Mike Sackton: Could the
Mike Sackton: pandemonium
Mike Sackton: scroll have
Mike Sackton: weakened
Mike Sackton: like? So we have this whole theory about these extra planar weak points, right? And this theory about how
Mike Sackton: Ray Rye was trying to fix them
Mike Sackton: right, which is why he got up.
Mike Sackton: got together with all the monks, and did something horrible that went very wrong.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Mike Sackton: Why his hand got destroyed.
Mike Sackton: although, as far as we know, that had nothing specifically to do with Allian right, it's just
Mike Sackton: rye was off trying to like fix the
Mike Sackton: things that fell out of
Mike Sackton: Jamaats.
Mike Sackton: That right. I'm not misremembering this, then, right.
Tim Sackton: No, that's right. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, okay. And so.
Mike Sackton: could that be this, somehow, or maybe the pandemonium scroll.
Mike Sackton: the scroll supposedly pulled pandemonium closer to Talgar
Mike Sackton: is limbo, like metaphysically. Next to pandemonium.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's interesting.
Tim Sackton: Not. It's
Tim Sackton: not that you're aware of, I mean, as far as you know, nobody's ever
Tim Sackton: tried to like.
Tim Sackton: Make a
Tim Sackton: higher order.
Tim Sackton: measure physical arrangement of the
Tim Sackton: outer plans.
Mike Sackton: Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker has been.
Mike Sackton: Are you doing? Make a metaphysical arrangement of the outer plane.
Eric Rosenbaum: So so I I've made multiple iterations of this in drawings. And I actually made one out of nested and intersecting glass orbs
Eric Rosenbaum: a few months ago in world.
Eric Rosenbaum: But
Eric Rosenbaum: I really I didn't know what I was doing. You know we have a lot more information now, so it's a good time to sort of like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Maybe I should talk to Welby about his sort of like
Eric Rosenbaum: cartographic process, and that how could that be applied when you're dealing with extra dimensional spaces.
Mike Sackton: I mean, clearly, we need to drop.
Eric Rosenbaum: Word.
Mike Sackton: Drop everything and go map the outer planes now, so we can figure this out.
David (he/him): I'm all for.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's just there's.
David (he/him): My cartographic approach really is pretty limited to 2 dimensions.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not. Gonna it's not gonna be enough.
Eric Rosenbaum: We yeah.
Tim Sackton: You really need at least 4 to properly map the planes.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it does seem like there's some relationships between the planes that
Eric Rosenbaum: it's clear there.
Eric Rosenbaum: important.
Eric Rosenbaum: like, we know that
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe there's some hierarchical arrangement.
Eric Rosenbaum: this requires will require some study
Eric Rosenbaum: like, what's the relationship between limbo and the elemental planes, for instance?
Eric Rosenbaum: Obviously, there's some relationship there.
Tim Sackton: Yes, this is all stuff that
Tim Sackton: you have no idea about, but
Tim Sackton: at some point I think I was earned.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: I have that, and.
Eric Rosenbaum: Observatory on the ship, now too.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: We're left, basically with No, I
Mike Sackton: it. It sounds plausible that it's the timing lines up with the pandemonium thing, but
Mike Sackton: this is probably not a direct
Mike Sackton: echo. So either it's coincidence
Mike Sackton: or the pandemonium thing somehow caused other
Mike Sackton: stuff
Mike Sackton: to happen with the planes.
Mike Sackton: or
Mike Sackton: those are my 2 ideas.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: It's either a coincidence or it's related. Those are pretty much my 2 ideas.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then.
David (he/him): You captured the possibility. I wonder if the tree does anything about the and where? Where are we? On the search for the hand process like.
Tim Sackton: It drifted off into the ocean. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: and you know a direction. But that's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: So with our laser focus on the main quest of reconstructing the jade hand.
Eric Rosenbaum: we went inland into the jungle to rescue this tree
Eric Rosenbaum: out.
Mike Sackton: Also, as an aside, we'd better not use the mirror because we need to save it
Mike Sackton: for seeing the hand.
Mike Sackton: We might not have 7 days.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: listen, you guys, I I gotta rest. Certainly. I'm pretty burnt out right now.
Mike Sackton: Isn't it like evening.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it's night.
Mike Sackton: I mean, let's go back to. So the tree doesn't have any immediate needs. Is that the impression? Sorry? Did did it answer the question about, does it need anything.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, it said it said just it just time, and it sort of spoke about being able to reap like feel its siblings through the soil rumbling in the distance, and
Tim Sackton: beginning to recover.
Mike Sackton: Siblings, trees like it, or
Mike Sackton: smaller animals.
David (he/him): Maybe once it's recovered, it could ask all its siblings like who saw the hand fly by, and we could
David (he/him): figure out the
David (he/him): and trajectory.
David (he/him): It's not a thing.
Mike Sackton: Cancel, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: Where it is.
Tim Sackton: You could ask it.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo no.
Tim Sackton: You know.
Mike Sackton: Sure, exactly.
Tim Sackton: Where you know exactly the direction it went. You do not. It then vanished
Tim Sackton: from Kansas.
David (he/him): Really.
Tim Sackton: So you know how to find that
Tim Sackton: theoretically it's in the ocean somewhere.
Mike Sackton: I mean, guys, you all know, it's on that perfectly circular island that Tim xed off the map so we wouldn't accidentally see it right
Mike Sackton: that he's been like wanting us to go to for I mean.
Mike Sackton: we're gonna do that. We're gonna do the hand adventure in Colorado. It's got to be something cool. Right? So it's clearly the perfectly circular island that we have literally been waiting since high school to know it is there?
Mike Sackton: I mean, I'm just guessing here, but
Mike Sackton: I could be wrong.
David (he/him): It's compelling.
Mike Sackton: But it it
Mike Sackton: feels like it might be something here, but it would be good.
Mike Sackton: Well, be to get an idea of what I like the idea cause? If we could
Mike Sackton: get any hint of what was car, how is it moving? Was it like literally flying through the air? Was it being carried by a dragon right like.
David (he/him): Yeah. Hang on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Those are 2.
Mike Sackton: Very different kinds of things.
Mike Sackton: So I like that.
Tim Sackton: Are you asking the what are you asking? The tree.
Mike Sackton: Let's let's rest on vendor, Charlotte, and ask the tree in the morning. Give it some time to like, recover, and like.
Tim Sackton: So you rest. You return to Vindersharna. You take some time to recover yourself
Tim Sackton: from your fights.
Tim Sackton: Talk to
Tim Sackton: everybody who's hanging out on the on the ship.
Tim Sackton: The Hufflings are are getting increasingly anxious to like.
Tim Sackton: Be off somewhere on their own ship.
Tim Sackton: but are glad that you, you know, are certainly very curious about all of this.
Tim Sackton: So you sleep.
Tim Sackton: Go ahead and and long rest.
Tim Sackton: And as you wake in the morning
Tim Sackton: sun rises early.
Tim Sackton: and it's not, I mean, the jungle's not.
Tim Sackton: It's not quite as Pip described.
Tim Sackton: but there's definitely a sort of electricity running through things that there wasn't before like in the distance you hear this weird
Tim Sackton: song of
Tim Sackton: some kind that you can't quite place, but it's like faint strands of of elvish
Tim Sackton: Dallas, like listens and concentrates for a moment, and it sounds kind of like.
Tim Sackton: you know. There's every now and then it's like dawn. It's sort of like a song about the dawn that something's singing in the distance.
Tim Sackton: Just kind of more noise begins to return to the jungle a little bit.
Tim Sackton: and so you return to the clearing of the tree, and and the tree
Tim Sackton: seems to be
Tim Sackton: sees you sees you arrive, and says.
Tim Sackton: strange monkeys, I must thank you again. I am sorry. Yesterday
Tim Sackton: the chaos dreams still lingered on me.
Tim Sackton: I appreciate that you have risked your life for us.
Tim Sackton: and you have my thanks.
Tim Sackton: You asked if there was anything we need, but I would ask.
Tim Sackton: Is there anything you need.
Mike Sackton: That seems like a good opening to ask it about the jade.
Tim Sackton: What do you? What specifically do you want to ask it.
Mike Sackton: I'll tell it that I mean this thing, something that
Mike Sackton: the jade was taken out of the cave here right.
Tim Sackton: As far as you know, the history of the jade in the jungle, that from all the pieces of evidence you have is as follows, it landed in the jungle like what 40 years ago, or whatever, when all of the pieces of jade were scattered across
Tim Sackton: in at the time when you got the information from the
Tim Sackton: from the
Tim Sackton: Philosophers Guild, which was like 6 months ago, or something like that.
Tim Sackton: it seemed like it was
Tim Sackton: lying hidden
Tim Sackton: on the jungle floor
Tim Sackton: at some point since then, and now this bat Pip found it
Tim Sackton: nestled among the roots of a tree that had fallen over
Tim Sackton: was curious about it, and brought it to the bat's cave.
Tim Sackton: but didn't really think anything of it.
Tim Sackton: Some
Tim Sackton: time after that, when that happened, is unclear, but
Tim Sackton: it it must have been
Tim Sackton: before you
Tim Sackton: recover the jade from
Tim Sackton: the plane of water, because it was at that point when Kenzo had 4, that he could sense the location of this jade, and at that point it was in the cave.
Tim Sackton: That was
Tim Sackton: like 2 weeks ago.
Tim Sackton: And then, while you were on the journey. Kenzo had a dream where it
Tim Sackton: jade turned into mist and flew off over the ocean. That was like maybe 5 days ago.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. So it was when all of the jungle was cursed.
Tim Sackton: It vanished, or, after the
Tim Sackton: curse started.
Mike Sackton: But as far as we know.
Mike Sackton: the curse wasn't like
Mike Sackton: the jungle wasn't dead right like. So anyway, the the story we're going to tell the tree, I think would be that we're looking for something.
Mike Sackton: We know
Mike Sackton: it was a it was a stone. I'll describe jade right?
Mike Sackton: We don't, and we know it traveled through here
Mike Sackton: just a few
Mike Sackton: passages of the sun again recently. Right?
Mike Sackton: Buy it.
Mike Sackton: We are looking for anything we want. We're asking if if the tree can like reach out to all the life in the jungle, and
Mike Sackton: the other trees, and the bats, and the birds and the baboons, and the whatever else.
Mike Sackton: Right power monkeys right? I guess not. Baboons. But and
Mike Sackton: did anybody see anything
Mike Sackton: passing through here?
Mike Sackton: Right? Something
Mike Sackton: magical, something big, something
Mike Sackton: just any anything that any
Mike Sackton: creature might have seen.
Mike Sackton: I mean, we could describe where it went through the jungle, but but I don't know if it's gonna
Mike Sackton: if a map would make sense to it right?
Tim Sackton: Sort of ponders for a moment.
Tim Sackton: Not much comes
Tim Sackton: the monkeys
Tim Sackton: on the coast.
Tim Sackton: they might know, but they've been
Tim Sackton: quiet, although.
Tim Sackton: Think some are waking up.
Tim Sackton: They're usually the ones that
Tim Sackton: drive away the little lizards that fly from the ocean
Tim Sackton: don't know why they come, but they seem
Tim Sackton: to want to bother us.
Tim Sackton: but nothing really
Tim Sackton: crosses our borders that we are not.
Tim Sackton: We are not here
Tim Sackton: since we awoke, anyway, unless this thing had been here for many years.
Mike Sackton: This thing has been here for many years.
Mike Sackton: One of the bats found it recently
Mike Sackton: left
Mike Sackton: just just recently
Mike Sackton: it left from its spot.
Mike Sackton: We wish to know? Did it leave on its own? Or did something come and take it.
Tim Sackton: Well, you could
Tim Sackton: ask
Tim Sackton: the monkeys, I guess, but
Tim Sackton: pause us for a moment.
Tim Sackton: Slither says they have been sick.
Tim Sackton: think the fruit was poisoned by this.
Tim Sackton: The leaves rustle
Tim Sackton: and the tree seems to shake a little bit.
Tim Sackton: but now maybe they are waking up.
Tim Sackton: The flying lizards came
Tim Sackton: the past 2 weeks.
Tim Sackton: He says that is when the moon whatever. But I'm not looking up the phase of the moon.
Tim Sackton: I'm not sure anybody would have seen them.
David (he/him): What
David (he/him): when you say the flying lizards were these little lizards like? How
David (he/him): how little.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Kind of shakes
Tim Sackton: like about
Tim Sackton: your size, little monkey.
Tim Sackton: not much bigger.
Tim Sackton: sometimes smaller.
Mike Sackton: Did the little wizards ever talk?
Tim Sackton: Oh, no, they are not
Tim Sackton: intelligent creatures.
Tim Sackton: not like you and us.
Tim Sackton: They certainly don't know how to speak. They make noises sometimes
Tim Sackton: don't think it's
Tim Sackton: and he says language, but it's the elvish word for elvish.
Tim Sackton: clearly not comprehending that there could be other languages besides elish.
Mike Sackton: I will. I don't know. Draconic.
Tim Sackton: Kansa nerd.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Tim Sackton: Nick.
Mike Sackton: Oh, could Kenzo say a few words in Draconic.
Mike Sackton: and ask if it sounds like the lizards chittering.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: hmm! Are those words that you're speaking?
Tim Sackton: They sound so
Tim Sackton: harsh and strange.
Tim Sackton: May. Maybe that is, maybe that is the noise they make.
Tim Sackton: I would be
Tim Sackton: hard pressed to be certain I could play such a
Tim Sackton: strange noise.
David (he/him): Hummus.
Tim Sackton: Pause us for a moment. Hmm!
Tim Sackton: Seems to be sort of again, like reaching out sort of trying to.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: listen to what's
Tim Sackton: around him
Tim Sackton: for them. Really the
Tim Sackton: I don't know what else
Tim Sackton: to tell you. If you.
Tim Sackton: unless you have other questions.
Tim Sackton: I would
Tim Sackton: enjoy hearing your stories. They must be quite strange you're not from here. I don't think.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Perhaps now is not the time to talk. If you have
Tim Sackton: pressing business elsewhere.
Mike Sackton: Kenzo might like to take its story.
David (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah, there is an idea. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: yes. Kong would almost certainly have suggested that
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: So. So Kenzo Kenzo listens to a bit, and it does talk. It actually remembers waking up.
Tim Sackton: It was like
Tim Sackton: 40 seasons ago.
Tim Sackton: 40 40 rainy seasons ago.
Tim Sackton: and they remember like very clearly the day they 1st became aware aware it was like electricity racing through the jungle.
Tim Sackton: But.
Mike Sackton: They were already a tree. It was already.
Tim Sackton: You're already a tree.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: not not
Tim Sackton: not at all like this. What it described as shrapnel, the burning seed of shrapnel. That
Tim Sackton: sort of
Tim Sackton: flew from somewhere and struck it before is how it describes the chaos. This was like.
Tim Sackton: I mean, it was like waking up. But this really.
Tim Sackton: you know sort of magical ripple
Tim Sackton: energy, a river of energy pouring into its roots
Tim Sackton: like a flood of some strange new thing
Tim Sackton: that opened
Tim Sackton: a mind that they didn't know they had.
Tim Sackton: and
Tim Sackton: it kept going racing among the
Tim Sackton: the links of nutrients and communication that connect all the trees together in the jungle.
Tim Sackton: and this like strange awakening magic, infused 1st the biggest trees with the deepest and strongest roots.
Tim Sackton: but then
Tim Sackton: the creatures that fed on the
Tim Sackton: fruits and berries they produced, and then
Tim Sackton: more and more creatures over time, but not not everything.
Tim Sackton: like the small birds and insects and frogs, and some animals, for some reason as well, never seem to speak, but
Tim Sackton: within a year or 2 nothing new awoke.
Tim Sackton: But the children of those who could speak inherited their parents minds.
Tim Sackton: and since then
Tim Sackton: the tree says
Tim Sackton: this has been a
Tim Sackton: strange and
Tim Sackton: peaceful place.
Tim Sackton: accepting them
Tim Sackton: little lizards that come from the sea sometimes.
Tim Sackton: but the monkeys always drive them off until
Tim Sackton: deaths
Tim Sackton: chart of
Tim Sackton: whatever it was, crashed through
Tim Sackton: and pierced its mind and dragged it into the streaming.
Tim Sackton: So this tells this story, like in Kenzo's way over the, you know.
Tim Sackton: half an hour or something.
Tim Sackton: and slowly sort of Peters out.
Tim Sackton: So what do you all want to do.
Mike Sackton: I think we should go talk to the monkeys, but it sounds like they probably won't have seen anything, but they might be able to tell us more about the Wizard. Anybody else have ideas.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
David (he/him): No.
Mike Sackton: I mean. Obviously, these are the same species as Dimitar.
Mike Sackton: They're coming from the little circular island, and Demitar is still there.
Eric Rosenbaum: What I'm.
Mike Sackton: Just naked stuff up.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. I have no inside knowledge, except I'm just trying to guess what Tim would do.
Mike Sackton: I mean, they sound a little bigger than Demitar, but maybe he's a small instance of one of them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Demitar always seemed like a runt.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): Or maybe a tree's not good at telling the difference between like 2 feet and 3 feet.
Mike Sackton: That's also quite possible.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that's an interesting point. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we go to the monkey, I mean, can the tree like introduce us? Can the tree send a message ahead to the monkeys to be like
Mike Sackton: some strange
Mike Sackton: Burliss hairless monkeys are coming to talk to you. Don't be scared.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. Just use the wood wide web.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: The World, Wide Web.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. You know
Eric Rosenbaum: how trees communicate.
Tim Sackton: Yes. So the the tree the tree.
Tim Sackton: So this tree is, is eldest, or canopy is what
Tim Sackton: the other 8
Tim Sackton: features of the jungle refer to this tree as directs you to
Tim Sackton: So the the so the the monkeys that it's talking about are are
Tim Sackton: are howler monkeys that live on the mangroves in the coast.
Tim Sackton: and so it directs you.
Tim Sackton: It's fairly easy, I assume you take
Tim Sackton: vendor, Cerna.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So it's it's about, it's about 20 miles. So it's like a 2 h journey.
Tim Sackton: maybe a little less than that hour and a half journey.
Tim Sackton: You come come to the mangroves. You can see.
Tim Sackton: So there's a like, you know. You're directed by canopy to where to go. There's a
Tim Sackton: There's like a few little groups of of monkeys, and you and you can see it looks like
Tim Sackton: you know, these are.
Tim Sackton: There's like little clumps of them that are sort of grooming each other, and like clearly tending to sort of ill monkeys that are. You know, there's a lot of them seem to be ill.
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: not
Tim Sackton: not all them, and and they seem like they're recovering right like they're
Tim Sackton: they're all in sort of little groups like feeding them little like sips of fruit juice, and things like that out of little leaf cups. And
Tim Sackton: a lot of them seem to be a lot of the the ones that are tending to the ones that were once sex seem to be very thin and emaciated.
Tim Sackton: And they, of course, start like you know, howling to each other in elvish as you approach, yelling, you know the
Tim Sackton: the strange.
Tim Sackton: the strange ones are coming that somebody go get
Tim Sackton: somebody go get
Tim Sackton: chatter or roar!
Tim Sackton: Come, talk to
Tim Sackton: The the weird ones that cannot be sent
Tim Sackton: yells back and forth. Oh.
Tim Sackton: chatters!
Tim Sackton: Cheddar's helping.
Tim Sackton: She can't talk right now. Oh, roar! I'll speak like this just this like whole sort of yelled conversation in elvish and then, you see this like old.
Tim Sackton: like clearly sort of
Tim Sackton: One of the bigger and louder and older howlers, like climbs climbs up to a tree, sort of yells up to you in.
Tim Sackton: In elvish
Tim Sackton: as you be, as you like, climb down the ladder, or whatever to to get down from
Tim Sackton: Vindrasharna
Tim Sackton: comes sort of bounding over
Tim Sackton: speaking in a sort of loud, echoing voice.
Tim Sackton: telling you that
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: heard your canopy was sending some strange creatures, despite their bizarre appearance and lack of hair
Tim Sackton: could, in fact, speak.
Tim Sackton: And you wanted to know about
Tim Sackton: things from the ocean. And you can see actually looking out at the ocean is lobby would note that this is quite unusual.
Tim Sackton: It's a beautiful sunny day. There's no wind, there's very few clouds in the sky, but there's these giant crashing
Tim Sackton: waves rolling in from the sea, just slamming into the shore. The monkeys don't seem to be particularly put out by this tilly and Milo are like fascinated, staring out at the coast, just watching the waves, and like clearly thinking about like, how would one even navigate a ship here?
Tim Sackton: Meanwhile roar apparently the name of this
Tim Sackton: howler monkey.
Tim Sackton: you know, kind of climbs up to the top of the tree and is sort of shouting at you as you descend the ladder.
Tim Sackton: Curious what you want to know, and quite sort of interested in
Tim Sackton: the whole scene. Right? This is clearly something he's never seen before.
Tim Sackton: So hairless ones
Tim Sackton: come with the jungle's blessing.
Tim Sackton: What can I tell you?
Mike Sackton: we want to know about
Mike Sackton: weep
Mike Sackton: first.st We'll sort of express some.
Mike Sackton: you know. Sorry for your sickness and anything. But did you see anything while you were ill.
Mike Sackton: pass through here any wizards or other creatures.
Mike Sackton: We think something went out to sea during that time.
Tim Sackton: They come sometimes
Tim Sackton: until
Tim Sackton: yesterday so many of us were
Tim Sackton: taken by the disease.
Tim Sackton: howling or
Tim Sackton: running, and bouts of rabid violence.
Tim Sackton: Can't say anyone was paying too much attention to this ocean.
Tim Sackton: But yes, there's
Tim Sackton: lizards that fly sometimes.
Tim Sackton: Every now and then they'll come looking for stuff, and
Tim Sackton: we throw rocks at them, and they leave.
Mike Sackton: Really, like.
Tim Sackton: Oh, they're
Tim Sackton: like a small monkey, but
Tim Sackton: with wings that look like
Tim Sackton: it's not like a bird
Tim Sackton: not like really a bat, either. They're sort of leathery
Tim Sackton: scaly.
Tim Sackton: They do have faces, they make a lot of noise. If they're together, they seem to be
Tim Sackton: chattering at each other. Sometimes
Tim Sackton: maybe they're talking, but they certainly don't speak.
Tim Sackton: They certainly don't speak.
Tim Sackton: they're communicating. It must be through some sort of code of some kind.
Tim Sackton: They come, and he points out into the ocean
Tim Sackton: from there.
Tim Sackton: always from the same place.
Mike Sackton: Is that the direction the jade is coming from.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
David (he/him): Do you know what's out there.
Tim Sackton: No.
Tim Sackton: we've never left land, and why would we
Tim Sackton: points at the waves?
Tim Sackton: But there's got to be something out there
Tim Sackton: unless these creatures live on
Tim Sackton: the water.
Mike Sackton: Yeah,
Mike Sackton: I'm trying to think.
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
Mike Sackton: I don't think I have anything else to ask these. I mean, it seems like we should just head out towards them. Right?
Mike Sackton: The dragon. White creatures they get driven away by rocks. They don't seem.
Tim Sackton: What is a dragon?
Mike Sackton: A flying wizard, a big flying wizard.
Tim Sackton: Oh, these aren't those. These are these are small.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Dragon, like.
Tim Sackton: Pops up his chest, not even usually as big as me.
Mike Sackton: They? How many, how many of them come at once?
Tim Sackton: One or 2.
Mike Sackton: I don't see why we wouldn't just fly in the direction of
Mike Sackton: the jade.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I assume the jade is the same direction as these. I already asked that right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I think we just go like like, what else is there to do.
David (he/him): Think we go, yeah, move. Move on right?
Tim Sackton: So just had heart to see on vinder. Sharna.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
David (he/him): Sounds crazy when you say it like that, Tim. But yes.
Tim Sackton: So you begin to travel over the sea of storms.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: so. It's
Tim Sackton: It's strange.
Tim Sackton: So again, there's not. There's not really that much wind. The weather, at least close to shore, is pretty
Tim Sackton: calm.
Tim Sackton: at least from the sky, but as you continue to go, the waves, you just see these crashing waves below you. It seems like every wave that you know everything. It's like. It's like a a gale driving
Tim Sackton: the waves, but not the air above the waves towards the shore.
Tim Sackton: You begin to travel
Tim Sackton: like following the line of where the monkeys pointed, and where Kenzo's sense tells them that the
Tim Sackton: jade went.
Tim Sackton: and you go
Tim Sackton: about
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: 7, 8 h.
Tim Sackton: about 80 miles off the coast.
Tim Sackton: and you see
Tim Sackton: so pretty uneventful. The sun is beginning to sink low in the sky.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: it's it's, you know.
Tim Sackton: Evening comes quickly at this low latitude.
Tim Sackton: when suddenly you see shooting off out of the water in front of you like maybe 2030 feet.
Tim Sackton: 5,000 feet in front of you. Something like that. Just a giant storm
Tim Sackton: like a wall of clouds, actually a dome of clouds that seems to go up hundreds of feet into the air, and then just merge into this giant cloud bank.
Tim Sackton: The sea
Tim Sackton: below
Tim Sackton: completely
Tim Sackton: tossed and turned into a massive, stormy
Tim Sackton: conflagration.
Tim Sackton: Fondrick kind of pauses for a minute.
Tim Sackton: Kind of comes out of the steering chamber.
Tim Sackton: boss, looking at Seeker.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, let's let's hold.
Tim Sackton: We're going through this thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: In the dark.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's let's go around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Which way do you think.
Mike Sackton: Maybe.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could go.
Mike Sackton: Kind of tricky to go around it.
Eric Rosenbaum: We could go to port, starboard or straight up.
Eric Rosenbaum: See what's up there.
Tim Sackton: Okay?
Tim Sackton: So you have maybe an hour of daylight left.
Tim Sackton: so you can get 10 miles in some direction.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: what if we go
Mike Sackton: up? How high up can we fly.
Tim Sackton: Pretty high.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, like.
Mike Sackton: What if we go up to
Mike Sackton: 10,000 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: This.
Mike Sackton: Storm! Go up that high.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Goes out.
Eric Rosenbaum: Also she.
Tim Sackton: Nice.
Tim Sackton: They.
Mike Sackton: Should also write.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. So you ascend. And as you see the sun sinking
Tim Sackton: below the horizon from this height, everybody's shivering now in the cold from
Tim Sackton: yeah, maybe you don't quite make it to
Tim Sackton: 10,000 feet. That's probably a little high for
Tim Sackton: unsheltered flight. But
Tim Sackton: you know, a mile up certainly.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: You're looking at
Tim Sackton: a
Tim Sackton: dome
Tim Sackton: of clouds
Tim Sackton: like extending in a circle
Tim Sackton: capped over the top.
Tim Sackton: surrounding something.
Mike Sackton: Is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Diameter of this whole thing is about.
Tim Sackton: Like tens of miles.
Tim Sackton: and so sure exactly.
Mike Sackton: Is the jade inside this storm.
Tim Sackton: Kenzo cannot sense the jade.
Tim Sackton: He lost the ability to sense the jade
Tim Sackton: partway through its voyage
Tim Sackton: during that dream.
Tim Sackton: But this is
Tim Sackton: I mean it's either in the storm or it's like on the other side of the storm, like even further out into the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: With our luck.
Eric Rosenbaum: can we? I mean.
Mike Sackton: Sorry, and can we
Mike Sackton: fly over it.
Tim Sackton: If you just want to avoid the storm, you can fly over it. Yeah, the the dome goes like
Tim Sackton: up to maybe a ceiling of 3,000 feet.
Tim Sackton: It's just a it's just a dome of clouds like that.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is it worth
Mike Sackton: flying over it.
Mike Sackton: going past it in the direction the jade went.
Mike Sackton: See if there's anything there and then circling back.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: My inclination would be to see what happens if we descend in the center. Also, it's a storm. Does it have an eye.
Eric Rosenbaum: or is it a smooth dome.
Tim Sackton: It looks like a smooth dome.
Eric Rosenbaum: The wall of it
Eric Rosenbaum: is pretty ferocious looking right. What we 1st encountered.
Tim Sackton: Yup!
Eric Rosenbaum: The roof of it is presumably
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Tim Sackton: This high up. It looks like it looks like clouds
Tim Sackton: you can't see, but beneath it I mean, it could be thunder clouds.
David (he/him): We like triangulate the center of it, and scry and
David (he/him): see what's on.
Eric Rosenbaum: Clairbliance.
David (he/him): That's what I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
David (he/him): Months.
Eric Rosenbaum: So clairvoyance is one mile. This is much larger than that.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Eric Rosenbaum: my glove can do the multiplier
Eric Rosenbaum: on the distance.
Mike Sackton: But it's also.
Eric Rosenbaum: That before actually.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: But also a mile. I mean, Tim said. The top of the storm was 3,000 feet.
Tim Sackton: A mile could get you inside the storm for sure.
Mike Sackton: So if we go to the center.
Mike Sackton: so fly to the center of the storm.
Mike Sackton: and then clairvoyance straight down.
Eric Rosenbaum: And just look around and see what's there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I like it. I like it
Eric Rosenbaum: alright. So we'll try to. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, seeker's good at math, right? Like we can figure out the center of a circle right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Faldrick and I are are doing some diagramming, taking measurements, you know, spotting.
Tim Sackton: So it's currently now
Tim Sackton: dark
Tim Sackton: eating.
Mike Sackton: We've spent a day doing this.
Tim Sackton: Well, it it was 80 miles.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Right.
Mike Sackton: We spent a day flying. Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: You spent the day flying.
Tim Sackton: so conceivably you might want to wait to the morning.
Mike Sackton: Yes, I think we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: what's.
Mike Sackton: Not spend the night over the storm.
Mike Sackton: Let's spend.
Eric Rosenbaum: Night.
Mike Sackton: A mile or 2
Mike Sackton: west of the storm, or something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'll pull back away from it, and then at 1st light, we'll head up over top of it and do the clairbine's trick. Yes.
Mike Sackton: I mean one other idea. We can fly into the night right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: What how far would we see a white
Mike Sackton: if there was a ship or island with a light?
Mike Sackton: If we were at 5,000 or 6 5,000 feet, you'd see
Mike Sackton: pretty far.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, like.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: dozens to hundreds of miles.
Mike Sackton: So my suggestion is, go music like, is it? Pitch black.
Tim Sackton: Stock, right.
Mike Sackton: No sign of yeah.
Tim Sackton: No lights anywhere.
Mike Sackton: I think we go
Mike Sackton: 10 miles.
Mike Sackton: How far, how we go, what?
Mike Sackton: 10 miles an hour! Something like that.
Tim Sackton: Yep, 10 miles an hour.
Mike Sackton: So let's go. 20 miles past the storm.
Tim Sackton: So fly over the storm, and then 20 miles past.
Mike Sackton: Into the night. I'm just.
Tim Sackton: Just yet.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah, we're not doing this yet. I want to see what these guys think before we do it. So don't like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Proposing a flight plan. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Imposing a flight plan. Not, you know.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, no, it's a a concept for a flight plan.
Mike Sackton: It's a concept of a plan.
Mike Sackton: so fly for 20 miles right? And just look around like.
Mike Sackton: then
Mike Sackton: pause.
Mike Sackton: and like.
Mike Sackton: just is there any lights? Do we see any ships on the ocean? Do we see any islands like, you know, or are we just?
Mike Sackton: Is there nothing here.
Mike Sackton: and then turn around and come back. Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll Tim. I'll briefly get into that mode where I'm seeing from the hull.
Tim Sackton: Oh, yeah.
Tim Sackton: So you're staying high up your seekers sort of looking all around for lights.
Tim Sackton: Nothing.
Tim Sackton: You're in the middle of a pitch black ocean.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Open ocean.
Tim Sackton: Open ocean, nothing on the horizon, no lights anywhere.
Tim Sackton: No, I mean, this is like
Tim Sackton: no signs of any
Tim Sackton: living creatures that you can see.
Eric Rosenbaum: Moonlit white caps.
Tim Sackton: Basically just that. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: Bioluminescent trail of a surfacing whale.
Tim Sackton: Churned by the moonlit white caps. Yes.
Tim Sackton: but very much. Not a place where there's any
Tim Sackton: any lights that you can see. There's no like city is floating in the ocean. 50 miles from there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright. Let's let's take it down to like
Eric Rosenbaum: quarter, you know, a few 100 feet below the surface the ocean just kidding
Eric Rosenbaum: would be fun to be able to go underwater. I don't think we can do that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So the more I think we should.
Eric Rosenbaum: we should wait some morning. And
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: And.
Eric Rosenbaum: And we we take it up over the over the top.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, close to nearly the geometric centers. We can.
Eric Rosenbaum: but at a safe.
Tim Sackton: Hours, but yet
Tim Sackton: the the.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thing itself is.
Tim Sackton: 40 miles across.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And I will.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll cast.
Tim Sackton: Might only be 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you.
Tim Sackton: I'll send you to double check, but it doesn't matter, for now cast clairvoyance down straight down.
Eric Rosenbaum: With vision. First, st yeah.
Tim Sackton: Spell fails, nothing happens.
Eric Rosenbaum: The spell fails. What could cause that?
Eric Rosenbaum: I
Eric Rosenbaum: use my arcane knowledge to
Eric Rosenbaum: imagine different scenarios that could cause a spell to fail.
Tim Sackton: Make an arcana, check.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17.
Tim Sackton: There's like various kinds of
Tim Sackton: I mean the spell. Magic causes spells to fail.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Tim Sackton: There's like.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inner boundary.
Tim Sackton: Magic
Tim Sackton: clairvoyance doesn't work across planes. So if it's if you're.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Is actually some sort of portal that would cause it to fail.
Tim Sackton: Right? That could be.
Eric Rosenbaum: How we.
Tim Sackton: They should.
Eric Rosenbaum: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do we detect a Planar boundary?
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, passing.
Tim Sackton: Can, always.
Eric Rosenbaum: And finding some weird.
Tim Sackton: Major.
Tim Sackton: read your equipment.
Eric Rosenbaum: By the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: ain't that how it goes.
Tim Sackton: The same thing that you used when you were in the plane of water.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that weird wand thing can detect interplanar portals right? It's just the wand of detect magic. But it happens to.
Mike Sackton: Also detect interplanner portals.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can expend one change. All 3 expend all 3 charges.
Eric Rosenbaum: because the point is a compass towards the near stationary Extraplanar portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: and it regains charges daily at dawn.
Eric Rosenbaum: Presumably it's recharged. I will try that.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: Points.
Tim Sackton: so not. It's it's
Tim Sackton: I, I can tell you, in a sec, exactly which direction it's pointing. But it's definitely not indicating that below you is a portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's not a portal.
Tim Sackton: Find my map. It does not seem to be a portal.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's weird.
Tim Sackton: It's yeah. It's pointing sort of
Tim Sackton: roughly. Ish back in the direction you came.
Tim Sackton: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: Sorry what's pointing back in the direction we came.
Tim Sackton: Roughly the the wand, the closest portal, but it feels.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like. It's nice.
Tim Sackton: Not like pointing to any nearby portals.
Mike Sackton: I mean, there could just be something that prevents magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: what else could we do to look in there? We could use
Eric Rosenbaum: the beast magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, could well.
Mike Sackton: Be.
Eric Rosenbaum: 3.rd
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean a bird.
Mike Sackton: But the danger of a
Mike Sackton: are there any? Is there any life that can get to the storm? Who knows.
Tim Sackton: There's no no.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you see, the most of the life that you see is like
Tim Sackton: you know the occasional
Tim Sackton: yeah, like whale or something in the water, but
Tim Sackton: nothing that's close to you, and certainly nothing that there's certainly no, I mean, there's occasional like seabirds flying around, but nothing that looks like it.
Mike Sackton: When did we last use the Rainbow Bridge.
Tim Sackton: when you came back from the
Tim Sackton: plane of water.
Tim Sackton: which was
Tim Sackton: let's see.
Tim Sackton: that was 6 days.
Tim Sackton: What does that say?
Tim Sackton: That was. That was 7 days ago.
Tim Sackton: exactly 7 days ago.
Tim Sackton: so you could theoretically use the Rainbow Bridge if you wanted to.
Mike Sackton: I mean.
Mike Sackton: I don't know if that helps us, but.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Hey?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Did we defeat Apolly on?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, boy.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perfect.
Mike Sackton: We have a we have a fear we saw some flying lizards that might have been the same species as Dimitar.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, oh, Kong!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What?
Eric Rosenbaum: Really, we found a really big cloud also.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're staying focused. Don't worry.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There, castle in there.
Tim Sackton: The so brief summary
Tim Sackton: have we.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Really explored the cloud, yet.
Tim Sackton: Now that we just got.
Mike Sackton: To the cloud. We haven't.
Tim Sackton: The so the jungle
Tim Sackton: talk talk to the tree.
Tim Sackton: The tree, like woke up the rest of the jungle through its like mycelium network.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Course.
Tim Sackton: Talk to some monkeys
Tim Sackton: who said there were flying lizards that came every now and then, and they drove them away, but they had all been sick because of the chaos corruption
Tim Sackton: decided to just fly out into the ocean in Vindasharna, and stumbled across a giant
Tim Sackton: cloud like a dome that has massive stormy walls, is 40 miles across, and has a roof that's at about 3,000 feet
Tim Sackton: her, and when Seeker tried to cast clairvoyance
Tim Sackton: into the cloud the spell failed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, that's pretty interesting, too.
Tim Sackton: Currently trying to figure out what to do about this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: This is great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and there's still no detection of the jade. Right. The jade's just like.
Tim Sackton: I mean
Tim Sackton: you. You haven't been. Henzo's not been able to sense the jade for a while, but, like
Tim Sackton: Kenza was like
Tim Sackton: telling Faldrick which direction to go.
Tim Sackton: It's
Tim Sackton: clearly this
Tim Sackton: cloud thing is in the path that jade took.
Tim Sackton: and at last night you like flew out a little ways, and there's like no signs of anything but this dome cloud anywhere nearby. So
Tim Sackton: the presumption is, the jade is somehow inside this, like weird, circular storm.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Perfect.
David (he/him): There a seabird nearby we could chat with.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, there's definitely some like petrols flying around and stuff not not at 3,000 feet up. You're gonna have to fly the ship back down. But
Tim Sackton: yeah, you can chat with a seabird.
David (he/him): Yeah, I'll flag down a petrol.
Tim Sackton: Want to say to it.
David (he/him): What's
David (he/him): What's the deal with Cloud here.
Tim Sackton: Don't fly through that.
David (he/him): What happens if you do.
Tim Sackton: Don't come back.
Tim Sackton: Bad wind.
David (he/him): Nobody's ever flown in and flown back
David (he/him): like, you know, have, like a great uncle who flew in there and came back.
Tim Sackton: No
Tim Sackton: hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: So. So if I do summon Fay.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we cast fly on it, it could fly. It's our ally. It could just fly down off the ship.
Eric Rosenbaum: It lasts for an hour.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Can anybody create a wind or an air elemental?
Mike Sackton: That's really what we need.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, that's a good idea, but I don't have a way to
Eric Rosenbaum: create a moment.
Mike Sackton: I don't either.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I have some, and shay.
Tim Sackton: You can animate things that fly also.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's true. But those things aren't very talk. You can't really talk.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I was thinking.
Tim Sackton: The latter has always demonstrated its superiority just by
Tim Sackton: visual gestures, and not by speaking.
Eric Rosenbaum: But but the fake could talk right.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. But they could talk.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do some in Faye.
David (he/him): If
David (he/him): if the wall of clouds breaks your control over the fey, though
David (he/him): like
David (he/him): is that bad?
David (he/him): 3 years.
Mike Sackton: So
Mike Sackton: do we have a type of Fay. We think you can summon which
Mike Sackton: it.
Eric Rosenbaum: It is, according to the spell, an ally to you and your companions.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a small.
Tim Sackton: It would just vanish if this fell.
David (he/him): Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: And it speaks sylvan. But so do we, presumably. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: And then
Eric Rosenbaum: I can give it.
Eric Rosenbaum: How does this work fuming, worthful or tricksy?
Eric Rosenbaum: Think it'll have to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: if it can teleport 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: make it mirthful.
Tim Sackton: So just remind me where exactly is Ventu Sherman. Now, are you up like 3,000 feet? Yeah, above the clouds.
Tim Sackton: So you fly down to like talk to the birds, and then you fly back up to the to the lake.
Mike Sackton: We're wasting a.
Tim Sackton: Hold it!
Mike Sackton: I'm flying around.
Tim Sackton: Holding position.
Tim Sackton: It takes you like, like 2 h to get into the center. So that's like 4 h that you've spent flying around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we can't get.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we try?
Eric Rosenbaum: Should we try the feature.
Tim Sackton: Sorry. Hold on. It's
Tim Sackton: no sorry. Yeah. It would take you 2 h to get in the center, because it's 40 mile
Tim Sackton: diameter. So 20 mile.
David (he/him): Can we dispel a patch of it?
David (he/him): Presuming it's a magical effect.
Mike Sackton: But to spell magic is only a small area.
David (he/him): But it's interesting. That's how we got in on the plane.
David (he/him): We sort of yeah. But.
Mike Sackton: But we were dispelling like a 5 foot cube.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, right.
Mike Sackton: Like.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, plus, you have to be within. What's the range of the spell? Magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: 1, 20.
Tim Sackton: So you'd have to get significantly closer than you are now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David (he/him): What if we? What if we just teleport
David (he/him): through the cloud.
David (he/him): presuming that that the storm can only go so far down.
David (he/him): and the land can only go so far up, so we probably have some kind of a window
David (he/him): that we could teleport into, and then.
Mike Sackton: Oh, you mean using teleport spell.
David (he/him): And.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, but that
Eric Rosenbaum: it's into an unknown.
Mike Sackton: Candy
Mike Sackton: teleport. You can't just teleport on directionality, can you?
Mike Sackton: I could. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Like a range
Eric Rosenbaum: doubled dimension door.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, that would get you a thousand.
Tim Sackton: The destination you choose must be known to you, so you must at least have a description. You can't teleport something that
Tim Sackton: right?
David (he/him): Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: You could do a range double dimension door.
Tim Sackton: That would get you a thought.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm saying.
Mike Sackton: And then just.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can actually more than double it. Right? I can.
Tim Sackton: Only 2 of you.
David (he/him): Whoa! What if? What if we're thinking about this wrong? What if we go in from underwater?
David (he/him): What's what's happening at the interface between the storm and the water.
Tim Sackton: Massive waves.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: All go underwater.
David (he/him): Swim
David (he/him): polymorph, we, we, the manta ray.
Mike Sackton: But but wait, wait.
Mike Sackton: dell sorry Kenzo can swim.
Mike Sackton: He has a cloak of the Manor,
Mike Sackton: Yeah, seeker can polymorph into a whale
Mike Sackton: right
Mike Sackton: dulles can acquaint, can cast.
Mike Sackton: alter south to be able to swim.
Mike Sackton: and won't be screwed.
David (he/him): Mostly just a surface phenomena like you.
David (he/him): Couldn't we go.
Mike Sackton: Usually true. Yes, like most of the time. That's a truth true, whether a magical storm is the same as that I don't know, but it's
Mike Sackton: a really worthwhile idea to try.
Mike Sackton: Why don't we? Can we say we didn't fly back and forth because Welby had the idea before.
Tim Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: so you kind of stayed. So you spent 2 h flying.
Mike Sackton: I think
Mike Sackton: Seeker should polymorph into a
Mike Sackton: whale.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: A sperm whale
Mike Sackton: swim down really deep.
Mike Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: and then go along the bottom of the how long does Polymorph last? It lasts for an hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seems right. Let's see.
Mike Sackton: How fast do the sperm whales swim?
Eric Rosenbaum: 1 h of concentration.
Mike Sackton: Let's see.
Mike Sackton: steerm whales usually cruise at
Mike Sackton: 3 to 9 miles an hour.
Mike Sackton: There's a couple of different.
Mike Sackton: the
Mike Sackton: probably about
Mike Sackton: between 5 to 7 miles an hour. Sounds like about the Sperm Whale cruising speed.
Mike Sackton: So that's not going to get you to the center.
Mike Sackton: Unfortunately.
Mike Sackton: when you say it's a 20. It's a 40 mile diameter, 20 mile radius.
Tim Sackton: 40. That's the
Tim Sackton: storm is actually slightly bigger than that. It's probably more like
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: 50 mile diameter, maybe a little less than that, maybe 45 mile diameter.
Eric Rosenbaum: Look, I should be a dolphin, so that I can jump out of the water and look at stuff from the air. At least.
Mike Sackton: Often.
Eric Rosenbaum: Try it.
Mike Sackton: Swim at 10 miles an hour.
Mike Sackton: That's still not going to get you all the way.
Eric Rosenbaum: And can you extend the duration.
Mike Sackton: Wait. Can you extend the duration of anything? You don't have duration extend? Do you.
Tim Sackton: Just range extension.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Let's let's get me all right. I'm just gonna jump off the ship as as a dolphin.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Swim under the storm and go wait, wait.
Mike Sackton: Become a black Marla sailfish.
Eric Rosenbaum: The the key thing, though Mike is, is being a mammal.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll have closer to like dwarf.
Mike Sackton: That's true.
Mike Sackton: that's true. You should be a mammal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Not just underwater, but.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So just the ship is, the ship is like hovering sort of above.
Tim Sackton: somewhat above the ocean, but the waves are like crashing on the bottom of the ship, and you're parked like
Tim Sackton: a few 100 feet from the clouds, something like that.
Tim Sackton: roughly like, where is this ship right now?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, we're we're like.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're pretty close.
Mike Sackton: Close to the clouds and close to the ocean. We're like.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Orca can go up to 30 miles an hour.
Mike Sackton: No, because, because, Eric, the idea is that if Seeker can see the island
Mike Sackton: and then get back.
Mike Sackton: Then we can teleport there.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, good call, Orca, if the Orca is the fastest one, that's what I should be. Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so Seeker jumps off the side of the ship, and in the mid air turns into an orca.
Tim Sackton: It lands in the water
Tim Sackton: and begin swimming
Tim Sackton: towards the island
Tim Sackton: seeker. You get about 200 feet through the waves, when suddenly the rest of you see a panicking dwarf appear in the ocean, the spell ending seeker caught in the waves beginning to drown. Go ahead and.
Eric Rosenbaum: They can offer.
Tim Sackton: Products check.
Mike Sackton: Oh, boy.
Mike Sackton: how far away is he?
Tim Sackton: 100 feet.
David (he/him): We should have anticipated that.
Mike Sackton: We should have anticipated.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: That's a good point.
Mike Sackton: Well, he could cast dimension door to get back.
Tim Sackton: Why did you roll for your athletics? Check.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know what happened.
Eric Rosenbaum: I guess I'll roll up and hit it again.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well,
Tim Sackton: Seeker sinks beneath the waves as you walk.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, God!
Tim Sackton: In a panic. Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna jump in and cast alter self to be.
Eric Rosenbaum: And a great night. You guys.
Mike Sackton: Swim.
Tim Sackton: Capable
Tim Sackton: seeker make a
Tim Sackton: well?
Tim Sackton: so as you're so okay, so just tell me exactly before Del was as Del was swimming to you. Just
Tim Sackton: tell me exactly what Seeker does. So you're you dive in. You start swimming towards the
Tim Sackton: storm.
Tim Sackton: you suddenly find yourself
Tim Sackton: caught. I mean, there's massive waves crashing around you. You're swimming under somewhat underwater, trying to avoid the waves.
Tim Sackton: back as a dwarf wet seeker's 1st instinct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I'm holding my breath because I'm I was a second ago I was a whale, so I was holding my breath.
Tim Sackton: Yup, you're definitely holding your breath.
Eric Rosenbaum: I I my my panic move in the water is to try to get into a backfloat because I'm not that good a swimmer, so I just like fling my arms out and try to like
Eric Rosenbaum: float.
Tim Sackton: Okay, roll a, d, 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't know.
Eric Rosenbaum: 17.
Tim Sackton: Okay, the waves are crashing and and pushing, and you are. You are lucky
Tim Sackton: that the way of seekers like seekers sinking. He's he's
Tim Sackton: gonna drown in a few minutes, but the waves seem to be pushing them slightly towards towards Delhi's racing underwater, swimming.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but I have a swim speed of. He's only 200 feet away.
Tim Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: So 6 seconds I can get
Mike Sackton: 60 feet.
Mike Sackton: I guess I can only go 60 feet every 6 seconds. Right? Yeah. Cause you can't. I can't take more than just
Tim Sackton: So you've reached. The seeker has been like grown, maybe
Tim Sackton: 10 or 15 feet closer to the boat.
Tim Sackton: to the ship, and you're dealt with his racing there, and you manage to grab him
Tim Sackton: and surface.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But
Mike Sackton: yeah, okay, I'm I'm gonna try and drag him back to the boat.
Tim Sackton: Okay, drag him back to the boat.
Tim Sackton: so
Tim Sackton: make a constitution seeker. Make a constitution saving throw.
Eric Rosenbaum: This a concentration check? It says.
Tim Sackton: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay or cancel. So cancel
Eric Rosenbaum: online.
Tim Sackton: So you manage to drag seeker back. But this experience has left him be draggled and exhausted. So you take one level of exhaustion
Tim Sackton: which we're going to use the new D and D exhaustion because it's much less horrible to play with. It's just
Tim Sackton: You subtract twice your exhaustion level from all d 20 roles instead of having just or not not saves just ability checks, and
Tim Sackton: but it's minus 2 from ability checks instead of a disadvantage on everything.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's less bad. I like it. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Well, that means it's less bad for enemies, too. But that's okay.
Mike Sackton: not saying we should play with it. But
Mike Sackton: I haven't noticed the new. I haven't. I didn't realize they changed exhaustion.
Mike Sackton: I am not getting back on the ship.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Take advantage of my 1 h of breathing water.
Mike Sackton: But I'm not going to swim.
Mike Sackton: There's got to be a barrier of some kind that is the spelling magic
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna swim down.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Thrum.
Tim Sackton: More
Tim Sackton: ocean floor is about
Tim Sackton: 300 feet deep.
Tim Sackton: It's quite murky and dark down here.
Mike Sackton: Dark vision, help.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can see 60 feet.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: I'm not. There's presumably nothing down here.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I mean, that's that's my point is like, you can't see hundreds of.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Thousands of feet in the distance. So you don't really, you're not really able to see anything
Tim Sackton: past the edge of the storm. Right? I mean, you can see the murky water with dark vision, but it's just murky.
Mike Sackton: I mean, is there any wife here? Is this like.
Tim Sackton: This is.
Mike Sackton: I'm in the storm. I'm like 50 feet.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: not. I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's certainly not rich in ocean life.
Tim Sackton: right?
Tim Sackton: It's not like it doesn't strike you as like, you know.
Tim Sackton: are you, Dallas? Not? Is Delworth proficient in nature
Tim Sackton: now?
Tim Sackton: Okay, I mean, it doesn't strike you as
Tim Sackton: it doesn't strike. It's not like the jungle was when it was in the sort of weird corruption, right? It's not like
Tim Sackton: so happy
Tim Sackton: quiet.
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: Right, but it doesn't, but it's hard to
Tim Sackton: judge it beyond that, right.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: We should probably just take the ship in.
Mike Sackton: I mean, okay, so.
Eric Rosenbaum: But.
Mike Sackton: Is the is Ginger Sharna even gonna be able to fly through the dispel magic barrier.
David (he/him): Put vendor Shawn above the storm and drop a really long rope down.
Eric Rosenbaum: Now you're talking rope ladders. That's always the answer.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hey.
David (he/him): Put a big weight on the end of it, so the wind doesn't affect it too badly.
Eric Rosenbaum: A boulder, you might say.
Mike Sackton: So it's odd.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could even animate the boulder. Oh, no! But then that would probably not work.
Mike Sackton: Here's a question for the for the just, for the arcana.
Mike Sackton: Would
Mike Sackton: a dispel magic barrier
Mike Sackton: prevent a spell like clairvoyance?
Tim Sackton: I mean seeker already tried to infer that, and didn't really know.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: That was what earlier our kind of check was for.
Mike Sackton: Right, right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is there a cat? Yes.
Mike Sackton: Does the cat know how to get through storms.
Eric Rosenbaum: Do we have any other clues about what this thing is like? Any knowledge of other situations.
Mike Sackton: What is Milo?
Eric Rosenbaum: Think this.
Mike Sackton: Should do.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: You have a boat, let's just sail through it.
David (he/him): I love this idea. We do have a boat.
Tim Sackton: That's a hundred percent. What Milo would say.
Mike Sackton: Like Vinder Sharna, or like our folding boat.
David (he/him): We were folding both, we could pilot our way through.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a huge wall of storm we can't like. Just take a look.
David (he/him): Oh, it's a matter.
Eric Rosenbaum: But through this.
Mike Sackton: No, it's I don't. I don't think the spell magic would.
Mike Sackton: The spell. Magic's not going to impact a folding vote. I don't think
Mike Sackton: the spell. Magic doesn't, usually it.
Mike Sackton: It wasn't.
Tim Sackton: Transformed. It's not the magic of the boat is not.
Mike Sackton: I think it would probably cope.
Tim Sackton: Is it? Is it folded up right? Possibly, if you past a folded boat in there, it would
Tim Sackton: spring out like that.
Mike Sackton: I mean
Mike Sackton: will Milo, captain the boot?
Mike Sackton: Does he think we could survive on a boat going in there like it's his idea. Would he actually do it?
Tim Sackton: He looks over it he sort of looks over at Tilly.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
David (he/him): I'll I'll unfold the folding boat on the deck of Vindrasarna, so he knows what he's getting into.
Tim Sackton: The small version or the big version.
David (he/him): I'll ask him which he thinks would work better.
Mike Sackton: I think we need a bigger version.
David (he/him): I assume, yeah.
Tim Sackton: How big's the big version?
David (he/him): 20 feet. I want to say undecked single mast. Is that true?
Tim Sackton: You kind of
Tim Sackton: toss us back and stare.
Tim Sackton: I'd set out to worse.
Eric Rosenbaum: To halflings. Like to brag to brag. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: this one does.
Mike Sackton: Let's do it.
David (he/him): Got wars I can help.
David (he/him): I can assist. Probably we have inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Exactly.
Mike Sackton: I can lift a
Mike Sackton: small rock
Mike Sackton: and have no arm strength and cannot row. But I'll help.
David (he/him): Well
David (he/him): bring some extra wood for flotation devices.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. Is the boat
Eric Rosenbaum: small enough that I could animate it in a pinch
Eric Rosenbaum: so we could fly it.
Tim Sackton: no, no! The.
Eric Rosenbaum: Or some portion.
Tim Sackton: No, no, no, you can only animate a larger, smaller this is, that's
Tim Sackton: the big boat is what? 20
Tim Sackton: 5 feet long. Something like that.
Mike Sackton: I mean how Rainbow Bridge.
Mike Sackton: the Rainbow Bridge may or may not work through the the magic thing, but it's a good last ditch
Mike Sackton: we're drowning.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think the Rainbow Bridge would would help if we needed.
Tim Sackton: The big version of the folding boat
Tim Sackton: you. The small version is 10 feet long, 4 feet wide, that is actually
Tim Sackton: smaller than a 10 by 10 cube, so you could animate the small version.
Tim Sackton: The big version is 24 feet long, so that's too big for you to animate.
Eric Rosenbaum: But I think we want to sail the bigger one
Eric Rosenbaum: for stability through the actual storm situation.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can we convert it from big to small while we're on it.
Tim Sackton: No, you have to fold it into a box to switch forms.
Eric Rosenbaum: There.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright! Let's just go on it in big mode.
Tim Sackton: Milo. Kind of kind of looks at
Tim Sackton: the 4 of you slightly, dubiously.
Tim Sackton: How many of you have been on a boat before?
Mike Sackton: We've all been on a boat before.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, we've.
Tim Sackton: I mean, how many of you properly know your way around about
Tim Sackton: not.
Eric Rosenbaum: So much.
David (he/him): The other 3 put their hands down. Yeah, yeah.
Mike Sackton: Exactly. I can.
Eric Rosenbaum: I can follow most simple instructions
Eric Rosenbaum: related to boats.
Tim Sackton: We might need a crew. Can any of you row
Tim Sackton: do this?
Tim Sackton: He looks at you all.
Tim Sackton: shakes his head slightly.
Eric Rosenbaum: I had a little accident in the water a while ago. I'm not great.
Tim Sackton: I saw.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I still have gills.
Mike Sackton: It lasts for an hour.
Mike Sackton: I don't know how helpful that is.
Tim Sackton: Kinda he kinda looks back.
Tim Sackton: and he he goes. He like stands on the on the
Tim Sackton: on the deck of the
Tim Sackton: ship, and he like kind of waves over the cause you still have, like
Tim Sackton: 20 halfling crew from his.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, yeah.
Tim Sackton: Like storm dancer.
Tim Sackton: and he starts to make this impassioned speech like.
Tim Sackton: look at this storm.
Tim Sackton: Any reasonable person would tell you. No ship can sail through this storm.
Tim Sackton: But you've seen where I've taken storm dancer.
Tim Sackton: and trust me when I say.
Tim Sackton: if these fine folks who saved us from eternal doom want to get through this storm
Tim Sackton: by the 1st ones? We will get them through this storm.
Tim Sackton: and all the crew is like, and he kind of looks over and he looks at Bobby. He's like you. You can sell right. I need a 1st mate.
David (he/him): Oh, yeah. Yeah, piece of cake.
Tim Sackton: Useless folks try and stay out of the way as much as possible.
Tim Sackton: Anybody
Tim Sackton: good with
Tim Sackton: weather or navigation.
Tim Sackton: He he like looks over it while I'd be like
Tim Sackton: you really should be the the captain of this group right.
David (he/him): Comes to me.
Mike Sackton: He's he's a little weak in magic.
Tim Sackton: Wow!
Tim Sackton: He kind of looks around.
Tim Sackton: I'm weak in magic, too, but
Tim Sackton: I saw you almost try and drown with magic. So
Tim Sackton: not always the solution to your problems,
Mike Sackton: That's the.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's that's.
Mike Sackton: Why we asked if you would captain the boat.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: how are we going to do this?
Tim Sackton: He sort of begins talking with like.
Tim Sackton: well, be, and sort of making a plan.
David (he/him): Is there like a pattern or a periodicity to the waves that
David (he/him): we can.
Tim Sackton: I didn't make a nature check.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, nice!
David (he/him): Inspiration.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you can get.
Eric Rosenbaum: You got it? Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Roll. D, 10. Keep the higher roll twice. Take the higher one.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, you you do. You see you are, you? Welby spends like 10 min watching.
Tim Sackton: just.
Tim Sackton: you know, kind of
Tim Sackton: watching the storm blow, watching the the sort of wind
Tim Sackton: and the and the waves crash. And there is. It's not exactly a periodicity, but there's a
Tim Sackton: a pattern, you notice, where there's like. Every now and then there will be a
Tim Sackton: like a cyclone like a swirl that passes through that causes bigger waves in its wake.
Tim Sackton: But then there's a brief pause. After that it's a bit. It's a bit random. It's not regular, but you can sort of watch and wait, and as soon as one of those passes you've got a moment when it seems a bit easier to sail.
Tim Sackton: so the crew
Tim Sackton: begins to load up.
Tim Sackton: Milo looks over at Tilly.
Tim Sackton: gives her a little hug and a kiss.
Tim Sackton: Never let it be said, if this is our last journey
Tim Sackton: that we weren't doing something nobody else thought could be done.
Tim Sackton: and he looks over at everybody.
Tim Sackton: you all know how to swim
Tim Sackton: just in case.
David (he/him): Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: If anybody goes over in this.
Tim Sackton: it's gonna be tough. So lifelines
Tim Sackton: you got rope.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're we're getting ripped in. Yes.
Tim Sackton: We'll do your best to at least drag your unconscious corpse through the water if necessary.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thanks.
Tim Sackton: Anything else we can do to prepare.
Eric Rosenbaum: What are we gonna do when we get there? And
Eric Rosenbaum: oh, man.
Eric Rosenbaum: he does go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Tim Sackton: the crew begins to.
Tim Sackton: So we got the folding boat. Let's see.
Tim Sackton: 25 feet long, 8 feet wide. 5 sets of oars
Tim Sackton: amassed
Tim Sackton: can hold 15 creatures. So there's
Tim Sackton: 6 of you with Tilly, Milo, and the 4 of you.
Tim Sackton: and then
Tim Sackton: 8 halflings
Tim Sackton: to man the sails and the oars.
Tim Sackton: So that's gonna be 14 total.
Tim Sackton: The hofflings are small. So
Tim Sackton: it's not. It's not sitting heavy in the water. It's not particularly heavily loaded.
Tim Sackton: even even, you know. So the the storm sort of peaks up quickly, right? But like
Tim Sackton: even out here
Tim Sackton: far from.
Tim Sackton: you know, 300 feet or so from the storm before the the ores are shipped and the sale is rigged.
Tim Sackton: although
Tim Sackton: really they're just going through the ores. The sale is way, too. Way too difficult to to run here.
Tim Sackton: It's still rocking like mad back and forth as you go in, and you run a line, and everybody gets gets tied in all 14 crew
Tim Sackton: tied down to a line, a safety line that runs down the center, and
Tim Sackton: Milo's at the helm
Tim Sackton: at the steering or
Tim Sackton: putting. Well, I'll be in charge of
Tim Sackton: directing the crew.
Tim Sackton: and.
Tim Sackton: you know, looks around
Tim Sackton: anybody.
Tim Sackton: can anybody? We need one more person to just
Tim Sackton: watch the waves, pay attention, tell us when to go.
Tim Sackton: Anybody help
Tim Sackton: nature or perception.
Mike Sackton: I think, is Kenzo not good at that stuff.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could use a I could do a nature check.
Mike Sackton: I could do. Perception, i plus 6 perception, not awful.
Eric Rosenbaum: I have plus 15 nature. So I I.
Mike Sackton: Well, yeah, you should do it. Then.
Mike Sackton: Wait. You're really good at nature.
Mike Sackton: seeking.
Eric Rosenbaum: Still exhausted, though, so it's I'll have a minus.
Tim Sackton: So minus 2. So it's plus 13.
Mike Sackton: That's still a lot better than plus 6.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: alright.
Eric Rosenbaum: Secret's a little wobbly on his feet still, but it's like, Okay, I'll watch the waves.
Mike Sackton: I'm also gonna cast shape water to just cause a little spinning thing of what little ball of water to spin sort of by the bow or something, just to see where magic stops working.
Tim Sackton: Okay. And then.
Eric Rosenbaum: Call.
Mike Sackton: If it falls down I'll do it again to see if magic
Mike Sackton: like. I'm trying to use it right.
Tim Sackton: To tell when magic will work again.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so you begin
Tim Sackton: halflings leaning into the oars.
Tim Sackton: 8 total. So using 4 of the 5 ors and and 2 on each.
Tim Sackton: The ship begins to move slowly
Tim Sackton: you come, come forward a little bit.
Tim Sackton: Begin to enter
Tim Sackton: the way. It's the way it's
Tim Sackton: the ship rocking violently back and forth, everybody grabbing onto the rope to hold on.
Tim Sackton: Seeker, go ahead and make a nature check
Tim Sackton: to time your entry.
Eric Rosenbaum: That is, 20 minus 2 is an 18.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So Seeker sees one of these cyclones go back and
Tim Sackton: in a in a minute. Yells Go! Which is not terribly timed, but not perfectly timed either. So just a straight roll, neither advantage nor disadvantage
Tim Sackton: as the water that dealt with is.
Tim Sackton: you know, holding up drops to the drops to the deck.
Tim Sackton: and the ship begins to just be tossed every which way, here and there.
Tim Sackton: Well, be. Make a
Tim Sackton: let's see. What would this be?
Tim Sackton: I guess you're proficient in
Tim Sackton: in water vehicles. Right? So
Tim Sackton: so it would be like a dex check plus proficiency.
Tim Sackton: But not expertise. So it'd be like plus
Tim Sackton: you're muted.
David (he/him): All right, inspiration.
Eric Rosenbaum: Aberration.
David (he/him): 31.
Tim Sackton: 31. Okay.
Tim Sackton: Bobby is like directing the sorry. Let me see what? My
Tim Sackton: oh, there we go.
Tim Sackton: okay.
Tim Sackton: Mila.
Tim Sackton: as watch sting as well be the halflings. Get the oars up to speed. The ship crashes through. A wave, crashes through another wave.
Tim Sackton: Let me see.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, so this would be
Tim Sackton: us same same role for Milo. Milo.
Tim Sackton: yeah. Wendy, 20 plus 10. Can somebody roll
Tim Sackton: this with advantage because Robbie's got the crew
Tim Sackton: rowing perfectly in sync, timing with each wave. So the oars dip down
Tim Sackton: good bowling.
Tim Sackton: wave crashes over the side.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: one of the oars, cracks, and the
Tim Sackton: and the
Tim Sackton: let's see
Tim Sackton: and as a way of just washes over the side side of the ship
Tim Sackton: But
Tim Sackton: keep keeping it going? Nobody's nobody's knocked overboard. 2 of the 2 of the halflings are
Tim Sackton: are like washed to the side,
Tim Sackton: Holding onto their safety lines as the waves begin pounding against it more.
Tim Sackton: more and more.
Tim Sackton: Welby, go ahead and make another check.
David (he/him): Yep
David (he/him): with advantage or not.
Tim Sackton: Still with advantage. Yeah.
David (he/him): 28.
Tim Sackton: Bobby manages to quickly direct the
Tim Sackton: redirect the the crew who are
Tim Sackton: scattered from this wave that crashed over the mast of the folding boat now cracked
Tim Sackton: from the wave that Splash dealt with.
Tim Sackton: deal with
Tim Sackton: casting a spell still still doesn't work. Nothing's happening.
Tim Sackton: And somebody will again wait for
Tim Sackton: for Milo again, Wendy 20 plus 10, still with advantage.
David (he/him): 23.
Tim Sackton: Anybody want to inspire him.
Tim Sackton: Inspiration.
Mike Sackton: And idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: I do. I haven't.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I should be casting guidance too.
Tim Sackton: That doesn't work.
Mike Sackton: Doesn't work.
David (he/him): 26 altogether.
Tim Sackton: Sex, okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration does work. That's interesting.
Tim Sackton: Preparation is not really a magical. I mean.
Tim Sackton: it's not a it's not a spell. It's like a magic lake effect. But yeah, it still works.
Tim Sackton: Just just enough.
Tim Sackton: Another wave crashes over the side, and you
Tim Sackton: see, like the the mast of the
Tim Sackton: of the
Tim Sackton: folding boat washed away 1, 2 halflings like
Tim Sackton: dangling over the side as as the last wave is.
Tim Sackton: is
Tim Sackton: crashing against the boat, when suddenly
Tim Sackton: you break through into
Tim Sackton: sunlight
Tim Sackton: and calm waters.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sunlight.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't used.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: in front of you.
Mike Sackton: Does magic work.
Tim Sackton: Magic works.
Mike Sackton: Good.
Tim Sackton: You see in front of you
Tim Sackton: an island.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, really.
Tim Sackton: The
Tim Sackton: edge of the island, following a perfect circle in all directions.
Tim Sackton: Black cliffs!
Tim Sackton: And you're looking now.
Tim Sackton: You're about 2 miles from the shore
Tim Sackton: you're looking.
Tim Sackton: Where did my mouth go?
Tim Sackton: You're looking maybe 2 miles away from
Tim Sackton: what seems to be
Tim Sackton: like a sandy cove
Tim Sackton: in a line of black obsidian cliffs
Tim Sackton: to the left.
Tim Sackton: You see
Tim Sackton: what looks like a massive like
Tim Sackton: 150 feet high
Tim Sackton: statue of
Tim Sackton: the mother.
Tim Sackton: one of the mass Numuna gods
Tim Sackton: to the right of this, Sandy. And these are these are like,
Tim Sackton: you're you're looking. You're able to see an arc that's about
Tim Sackton: 8 or 10 miles, or something like that, right or 15 miles, like you can see a long arc of the island from here, and then it curves around the horizon
Tim Sackton: to the to the left of the beach, probably
Tim Sackton: 3 or 4 miles from the beach, you see another massive 150 foot tall marble statue
Tim Sackton: of
Tim Sackton: another, one of the of the
Tim Sackton: Mosnumen of gods.
Tim Sackton: the Warlord.
Tim Sackton: You cannot. You can't see anything on the island itself.
Tim Sackton: Very clearly from this perspective. The cliffs, except for where this beaches and the beach is big, it's
Tim Sackton: it's it's miles across. It's like this
Tim Sackton: crumbled sort of yellow golden sand
Tim Sackton: around these sort of crystalline cliffs around the edge.
Tim Sackton: Off off, near where the statue of the
Tim Sackton: of the Warlord is. It looks like there's you you can see up. And this is like maybe
Tim Sackton: 1215 miles from where you are, you can see what look like strange, twisted obsidian structures.
Eric Rosenbaum: Email.
Tim Sackton: Sort like sort of ruined right, but they look like they might have once been towers that sort of spiraled up, but they're cracked, and now they're sort of jagged edges, but they're they're tall. They're sticking above the high enough above the horizon that you can see.
Tim Sackton: and as you look forward. You can see the coast, and you can't see, like the immediate coastline above the cliffs.
Tim Sackton: but as you look into the distance the the island slopes up.
Tim Sackton: and a gentle slope to a peak that's probably
Tim Sackton: 2 or 3,000 feet
Tim Sackton: up.
Tim Sackton: although from below you cannot see the dome of clouds that was above you.
Tim Sackton: right? So there's some.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sky.
Tim Sackton: Just blue sky.
David (he/him): I have to step away for like
David (he/him): 5 min. I
David (he/him): don't know if you're just wrapping up right now or not, but.
Tim Sackton: Well, let's let's why don't we take a yeah. Why don't we?
Tim Sackton: I'm wrapping up shortly. But I I mean, I guess we could. Just I mean, we could stop. But let's let's just wait. We'll come back in 5 min. We'll do the last little bit.
Tim Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Take a break.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we're not gonna like, do any of the real.
Tim Sackton: I I don't.
Mike Sackton: Told you? Did I not call it.
Eric Rosenbaum: You you knew.
Mike Sackton: I did.
Tim Sackton: That was some pretty amazing rolling. I guess it helps to have rogues around.
Mike Sackton: Yup.
Mike Sackton: that it does.
Eric Rosenbaum: Thinkers having a tough night, though.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: Seeker is. Seekers had sort of a tough
Tim Sackton: couple of days.
Tim Sackton: I was hoping you just try and fly. Well, I wasn't hoping I was curious. If you just try and fly vendor, sure enough.
Tim Sackton: through, and then it would just crash into the ocean.
Eric Rosenbaum: What would have happened? Oh, man! Who knows what would have.
Tim Sackton: You'd have had a few chances to
Tim Sackton: save it
Tim Sackton: right.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I had a feeling it was, yeah, that was good.
Mike Sackton: I don't know. Sorry I'm losing my
Mike Sackton: train of thought.
Tim Sackton: I must have almost submitted this paper, if it's due in 45 min.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: Feel bad.
Tim Sackton: I mean, we'll just take. We'll just take 10 min. But I wanna
Tim Sackton: I want to sort of
Tim Sackton: have a minute to set up sort of how things are going to start. So I can more clearly write the Colorado adventure.
Eric Rosenbaum: Good.
Eric Rosenbaum: I assume we've booked a perfectly circular property.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, definitely.
Tim Sackton: Yeah. I mean, we must have right.
Tim Sackton: There's gotta at least be a circular table somewhere.
Tim Sackton: Circular basement.
Eric Rosenbaum: Something.
Tim Sackton: Oh, okay.
Mike Sackton: Tired.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Right back.
David (he/him): Sorry about that. Thank you.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, no worries now. Mike stepped away.
Tim Sackton: Really, I was kind of hoping Kong would
Tim Sackton: wrap up for the last
Tim Sackton: 10 min so he could
Tim Sackton: have the.
Tim Sackton: But it's okay.
Tim Sackton: Kansa doesn't care where you start on the island.
David (he/him): Hmm.
Tim Sackton: Okay, so
Tim Sackton: just to sort of
Tim Sackton: bring the session to a close.
Tim Sackton: So as you're looking at this now, you see.
Tim Sackton: in addition to this coastline, which seems to again extend.
Tim Sackton: you know, in a perfect circle, in both directions from where you are.
Tim Sackton: I mean, you're looking sort of roughly.
Tim Sackton: roughly.
Tim Sackton: like
Tim Sackton: southwest at the island.
Tim Sackton: Here. It's the sort of northeast side of the island, more or less.
Tim Sackton: and you can see, in addition to the island sort of sloping up towards this peak.
Tim Sackton: Around around the peak there's
Tim Sackton: Forest
Tim Sackton: you can see like there's trees sort of growing, and and it's a bit scattered, and there's there's 1 part relatively close to you where?
Tim Sackton: You know where it's where it seems like you can see part way up the slope. The forest is
Tim Sackton: has been cut down or or died, or something.
Tim Sackton: and there's
Tim Sackton: a large area like miles across.
Tim Sackton: that's just the sort of
Tim Sackton: fields rolling fields of these garish
Tim Sackton: ed, and
Tim Sackton: yellow and
Tim Sackton: gold flowers.
Tim Sackton: big sort of poppy, like flowers, but not this is these aren't the sort of like soothing colors. These
Tim Sackton: everything's like slightly wrong, like the colors, are all
Tim Sackton: just off enough that nothing looks good together. Everything's mismatched, and even just sort of looking at this big field.
Tim Sackton: Almost.
Tim Sackton: It makes you want to look away right like it almost hurts to look at it. In the center of this field. There's
Tim Sackton: there's a tower that you can see standing.
Tim Sackton: you know.
Tim Sackton: 100 feet tall, 50 feet tall. It's hard to judge the distance from like 10 miles away.
Tim Sackton: and then you can also see sort of cascading down from from the
Tim Sackton: mountain slope itself
Tim Sackton: rivers that sort of flow down into the forest, but never seem to reach the ocean that you can see.
Tim Sackton: and then finally, on the top.
Tim Sackton: the top of the mountain, although most of the slopes are wooded at the very top.
Tim Sackton: There's what looks like.
Tim Sackton: It's difficult to judge from this distance, I think only Robbie would really have a
Tim Sackton: clear vision that there's some sort of structures built up at the very top. But that's like 20 miles away. So it's about at the limit of what you can.
Tim Sackton: Clearly.
Tim Sackton: you know, make out clearly. There's like something. It's not just the summit of a mountain, you know. You can see little things up there can't really tell what.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: Tilly and and Mila sort of look at each other.
Tim Sackton: The halflings, like all kind of
Tim Sackton: uncertain whether they actually want to land on this place, but happy to sort of
Tim Sackton: row you somewhere.
Tim Sackton: The time doesn't seem to be shifted like it's just as if there were no clouds above. It's still the same time of day as it would be, and the ocean around here is sort of a nice, relatively calm, clear blue from the back
Tim Sackton: the wall of clouds. There's no, there's no way. It's just like a sharp
Tim Sackton: boundary where
Tim Sackton: on this side of the you can see the wall of clouds like there's a wall of clouds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Let's go up.
Tim Sackton: That you can see that, and it looks like when you look back where you came from. It looks like the wall of clouds just extends up into infinity, like as far as you can see. But then, when you turn your head and you look sort of inward.
Tim Sackton: the clouds just kind of fade, and you can see blue sky and the sun above.
Tim Sackton: But the water is calm.
Tim Sackton: The other thing that Welby notices
Tim Sackton: There's not.
Tim Sackton: you know there's not like birds flying around. There's not a lot of animals that you can see, except sort of every now and then flying into the flying around the tops of those
Tim Sackton: like pillar, like sort of ruined structures that are sort of
Tim Sackton: 8 miles to your right along the coast. There's like.
Tim Sackton: I mean they're just specs on the horizon, right? You can't make out any detail, but there's like it looks like
Tim Sackton: hats or something from a distance, kind of flying around.
Eric Rosenbaum: Terrible.
Tim Sackton: Definitely like something. Only well, be is able to see this as well. Like most normally, without super natural perception, you wouldn't be able to resolve this on the horizon, but it's definitely like a little
Tim Sackton: fuzz on the horizon that looks like things kind of flying around, and that.
Eric Rosenbaum: And was it.
Tim Sackton: So.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
Tim Sackton: Milo looks over at you.
Tim Sackton: Where to now?
David (he/him): Well, what do you all think.
Eric Rosenbaum: Strange place
Eric Rosenbaum: Beach.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm remembering those lava tubes
Eric Rosenbaum: north.
Eric Rosenbaum: You can see there's rivers coming down off the
Eric Rosenbaum: elevation.
Eric Rosenbaum: but no river mouths.
Eric Rosenbaum: They must.
Eric Rosenbaum: they must emerge below the surface under the cliffs.
Eric Rosenbaum: So if we wanted to make an unobtrusive entrance.
Eric Rosenbaum: we might go up through one of those
Eric Rosenbaum: halflings couldn't come with us, of course, but
Eric Rosenbaum: we could swim in.
David (he/him): That's.
Tim Sackton: Milo looks over Tilly.
Tim Sackton: I think if it's okay with you.
Tim Sackton: well.
Tim Sackton: guard the ship.
Tim Sackton: In my experience, the places that you want to go
Tim Sackton: are often incredibly dangerous
Tim Sackton: sailing through. That was enough of an adventure for me. If it's all the same to you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes, of course.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: course.
David (he/him): We can also land, and you can just pull the ship up.
Mike Sackton: I think Mille might be more comfortable with ocean between him and
Mike Sackton: all that there.
Tim Sackton: have no problem landing you on the shore.
David (he/him): Alright!
Tim Sackton: This. This boat might need some repairs. I mean we lost the mast.
Tim Sackton: He is that still.
Eric Rosenbaum: Did actually
Eric Rosenbaum: did it actually sever the mist.
Tim Sackton: I mean it broke, and some I mean, somebody must have had to cut it off, because, like a broken, it would have sunk you instantly if you didn't
Tim Sackton: detach it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Right.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know. That happened to me in Andrew Garland one time.
Tim Sackton: You lost a mast.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: unless you want to try and sail around this thing.
Tim Sackton: I guess I'll land you on the beach and then
Tim Sackton: way to save distance away.
Tim Sackton: Guess you have no way to get back but
Tim Sackton: us. Huh!
David (he/him): With customers.
Eric Rosenbaum: Own way.
David (he/him): If it works in here. Was that a
David (he/him): line of magic breaking, or is there like an anti magic field in this whole area?
Tim Sackton: No shape. As soon as you crossed into the calm water dealt with shape, water, spell started working again.
Mike Sackton: But it's unclear. If the Rainbow Bridge can penetrate the
Mike Sackton: anti magic field or not.
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: Think.
Eric Rosenbaum: well, we
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Mike Sackton: But it might be too.
Tim Sackton: Rainbow bridge.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it.
Tim Sackton: Given that clairvoyance didn't work. It's unlikely that teleport would work.
Tim Sackton: Huh!
Eric Rosenbaum: And yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: there's no way to test Rainbow Bridge without using it up.
Tim Sackton: Correct.
Mike Sackton: Correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think we should assume it's gonna work.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Or once we have the jade.
David (he/him): We just sail back up. Probably the friendly little Dimatars will make a hole in the clouds for us to sail through.
Mike Sackton: There you go right exactly.
Eric Rosenbaum: They're gonna celebrate our arrival with a feast and be like, here you are.
David (he/him): Right. Probably this one
David (he/him): dangerous
David (he/him): mission that requires
David (he/him): several continuous days of gameplay in Colorado to figure out how to.
Tim Sackton: Unlikely.
Tim Sackton: So
Tim Sackton: yeah.
Tim Sackton: you ask Milo to drop you off on the beach.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Tim Sackton: He does.
Tim Sackton: and that's where we'll pick up in Colorado.
Eric Rosenbaum: Amazing.
Mike Sackton: Alright!
David (he/him): Right.
Tim Sackton: Okay. So
Tim Sackton: see, I'm gonna I'm gonna hang out on the zoom in case Kong finishes and wants to get an update before he goes to bed.
Mike Sackton: I'm gonna go to bed, cause I'm.
Tim Sackton: Everybody should go to bed
Tim Sackton: but.
Eric Rosenbaum: To you.
Mike Sackton: Well, see like in 2 2.
Tim Sackton: Weeks.
Mike Sackton: Right? Yeah, Logan, in 2 weeks.
Mike Sackton: Do I have.
David (he/him): My info can.
David (he/him): Can someone send me like your flight? Number.
Tim Sackton: Yeah, I'm sure I can find that somewhere.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and.
Tim Sackton: We can text that. I'll do that right. Now. You guys go to bed. I'll find the flight number, and I'll see if.
Mike Sackton: We're all on the same flight. So.
Tim Sackton: Yeah.
Tim Sackton: cool. Cool.
Mike Sackton: 2 weeks, good night.
Eric Rosenbaum: Alright, bye, bye.